"THEY FUCK :D" -ChatTzar
"It's because we like people coming" -Skylar
"knockback I told you this would happen lmao. just relog, i will top you" -colserra
"ok so not to break up the urethera talk but snow white but snow white just got kissed awake by a literal bear. not like the gay kind the animal" -Saige
"why do villagers have a food fetish" -Cassi
"get in the damn hole" -Verde
"i love a deranged submissing gameboy ds girl" -lia
"i ahve too much furniture downloaded" -celeste
"I could be your discord kitten" -Flump
"Yes" "I need more time to make a bigger shit" "In the future I hope there'll be shit enlarging pills" to make me shit bigger shits" -Theopald
"Your droopy balls are in my face"  -Martin
"its ugly and looks like baked beans mixed with poop" -Syd
"it's ok to breathe, just dont" -Shannon
"that bitch, im going to tea-bag him so hard" -Marv
"Don't put anything in your butt, it's not worth it, trust me." -Marv
"You can fit 3 fingers in it." -Martin
"You're all invalid" -Pearced
"Imagine if grass grew" -Pearced
"im easy" -Martin
"fuck them, fuck them so hard" -Beau
"Im not a liberal. Wait whats a liberal." -Pearced
"bc hes sweet and juicy" -Marv
"Fuck my pussy with a rake mommm" -<User Deleted>
"Skylar is your hole bigger than my hole?” -Martin
"im being looked up and down by the newbie" -Jess
"i love incest" -<User Deleted>
"ahem. pls leave my hole" -Zain
"please don't take a shit on me" -Skylar
"I'd love to be in a three-way with Shaquille O'Neal!" -Foxy
"this villager dropped his pants for me" -Shade
"I think this villager is coming onto me" -Shade
"What is sweeping?" -Foxy
"For some reason I was in a sadistic world" -Mike
"Demon slaying their asses on the floor" -Mike
"i think i just killed alot of people" -Marv
“You where born from very intense scissoring” -Jess
“I just wanna cover up this hole” -Syd
“Give it to me now” -Jess
“I’ve been boned” -Kira
“Wait you can’t crack your dick like a glowstick” -Kira
"I forgot that hitting backwards makes you go backwards" -Pearced
"I know the left is on the left side and the right is on the right side, but I don't know which is which" -Pearced
"Your race is meaningless" -Martin
"that little white girl is suppose to be black" -Martin
"4+4=8" -Martin
"O.J. Simmons" -Foxy
“Siet balls cam” -Saige
"like it comes out of the clouds and then it gets into the sea and then it evaporates and then it's the clouds again and the same goes for my farts on Lunas wrap" -Siet
"IM IN THE SEX HOLE" -Fara
"i just watch chain punch a child" -Fara
"ARE THEY MAKING MORE KIDS CHAIN???" -Fara
"ah so I cum with ur mom to the cafe" -Zain
"selling selling sensei's hairs (cannot disclose which ones)" -Chris
"she's a tiny terrorist" -Martin
"she's a good girl but she's a little baby terrorist" -Martin
"200m? jeez, I should get into the head business" -Gnome
"playerlust" -Foxy
"YOO put my dildo back" -Pearced
"oh no its's 9/11" -Jenn
"theres a skeleton over there imma go clap their cheeks" -Foxy
"Omg thats a threesome in the corner" -Jess
"Give me them sacs" -Fara
"Imma use your bathwater. Imma swim in it" -Fara
"Olly can I drink your bathwater SLURPPPPPPPP sound" Fara
"Owo Punish me please" -Jess
"OMG ITS OLLYS GAMER BOY BATH WATER YAHHHHH!" -Jess
"YAHHHHH I GOT ANOTHER OLLYS BATH WATER iyhgfe3guife" -Fara
"hm I need to bomb the shit out of the Netherlands" -Mae 
this splash is on the funny sex number
"i bet striders NEVER skip leg day" -Jenn
"Saige" "Saigfe" "Sasige" "Sausage" -Jenn
"I am a slut for pickles" -Skylar
"I live pickles but when I really want salty food I loooove nuts" -Brio
"yeah i'm getting gang banged by trident guys right now" -Megan
"air humping is my fav kind of humping" -Marv
"chris stop giving me your meat" -Alistair
"i hate it when the cock is gone" -Foxy
"You grow gay sex in the kitchen sink" -Siet
"Well, until you can stop blabbing about gay sex kitchen sink pigeons, we won't promote you to Member" -Siet
"You wanna watch your mother have a little fun?" -Fara
"I am a proud republican" -Emilia
"Why did you just throw your meat at me" -Scarlett
"well you can snort viagra" -Beau
"Hold on, I need to find my full name." -Pearced
"My glizzy wont fit it the bun" -Foxy
"Oh I like head" -Siet
"No Nut November is the pinnacle of culture" -Martin
"Who gave me autism!?!" -Beau
"im going to beat you" -Beau
"haha testicles" -Pearced
"omg i just shat myself" Pearced
"it'll be annoying with the constant getting smacked with balls" -Fara
"Contain your autism please" -Skylar
"I love holes" -Skylar 
"does anyone wanna see my hole"-Skylar
"put your balls in my mouth like its boba tea" -Jenn
"I "came" for the titanic" -Shannon
"Casual fucking implies there is competitive fucking" -Geese
“HE FUCKS THE PRIME MINISTER TO DEATH?” -ANGEL
"Fisting someone is inefficient" -Foxy
"i havnt been breeding a lot bc ive been busy" -Jenn
" AHhhAHH IVE BEEN FUCKED" -Foxy
"Fara im not giving you my sacs" -Skylar
"why do we all want the big one" -Fara
"I Haven't been fucking" -Zachy
"unless you got down on your knees and sucked a mans cock" -Skylar
"suck my juicy cock chell" -Skylar
"Step on me, froggy" -Jenn
"Don't lick me pls" -Luna
"Meow" -Pearced
"Their pretty much pussies for being terrorists" -Marv
"i want to know how deep it goes, for scientific research" -Marv
"hey babe do you have good performance? you must because you look optifiiinnneeee"
"my tears are sweaty" -Pearced
"You cant put the WHOLE plane up your ass" -Marv
"imagine the next day he wakes up and he's a twink again" -Marv
"This sheep looks awfully submissive and breedable" -Skylar
"Just push it in that hole" -Skylar
"i want the ones with zig zags so my pussy look like a bag of chips" -Luna
"HOLY SHIT GET OUT OF MY MOUTH" - whoopsie
"your opinion is invalid and so are you" -Pearced
"i know this is a heartfelt moment but the child is ugly" -Marv
"I feel sorry for you, bc you're you" -Pearced
"it's not my fault they made a nazi with amazing fashion" -Marv
"that awkward moment you are an accidental stripper" -Shade
"lmfaoo top ten reasons i have a nostrip mod installed" -rhi 
"you can squeeze my fruit anyway chris xx" -Alistair
"Yeah a bit too long for my taste" -Siet
"no" "I hate men" -Siet
"Toes are interesting" -Skylar
"This is a weird hole...a very thin and deep hole. Not what you want in a hole" -Martin
"OMG you're massive! Please go away!" -Martin
"HE'S SO BIG" -Pearced
"I have no regrets, because it's true. That fucker was massive!" -Pearced
"My butt's about to get blasted!" -Pearced
"Oh I don't like that, I didn't mean to go inside of you!" -Pearced
"omg let me look at your feet you little shit" -Marv
"ty ty skylar for showing me your feet" -Marv
"Im deep inside you" -<Origin Unclear, Either Eleanor or Ram>
"There's always hope for sexual harassment" - Marv/Pearced
"I ate out some pepper pussy" -Pearced
"Not you guys, the creeper that just blew me" -Brio 
"im doing 5 things at once and you're not one of them" -Beau
"it's doing a throbby" -Martin
"Im having sex with a cactus" -Pearced
"Rocket powered dildo's" -Pearced
"god hates swedes" -Random Sign
"Wash your balls" -Geese
"You know how much inbreeding there was between each other? There's no difference anymore" -Marv
"slough deez nuts through your face" -Siet
"It doesn't count if I sexually harass someone" -Marv
"I can use words" -Marv
"He's going to fuck the chicken" -Jenn
"Im sorry I'll stop doing Sprite" -Pearced
"sometimes things marv says gives me butterflys, like Im not expecting it" -Pearced
"That was sexual harassment and I would do it if I was in his shoes" -Marv
"Busty alexa" -Pearced
"Pro cock" -Pearced
"Still waiting for my mommy milkies" -Siet
"It matters how hard you succ" -Foxy
"cum of the earth" -Ewan
"why do you wanna ride me so bad" -Alistair
"I'm a bottom" -Ewan
"Hey! I like my meat, I'm a meat person." -Fara
"you telling me your bologna doesnt have cum in it" -Foxy
"the way to my heart is your chest" -Jenn
"I'm going to dick pic you in the face" -Pearced
"I'm going to strangle you with your testicles" -Pearced
"A bastard is a whale's penis...."Pearced
"haha pearced's dad left" -Martin
"that one is SO BIG" -Siet
"Are we in Nova 6 ?" -Chibi
"mmmmm yes, melons in my face" -Skylar
"I love putting creme pies in my face" -Skylar
"Someone's testicle exploded" -Pearced
"they're coming into me" -Kira
“I am vigorously shading my head” -Pearced
"Marv likes terrorists....I'm literally 1% of that" -Pearced
"I'm going to rob you of all your hemoglobin" -Pearced
"If you ever come to the meetup, I will make sure you leave without kneecaps" -Marv
"I have a biting kink" -Pearced
"why have i not been offered a foreskin hat" -Alistair
"if your pronouns are in bio I'm leaving" -Dish
"can i say it?!....bondage...." -Marv
"sometimes it sounds like you're deep throating, and sometimes it sounds like it's in your ass" -Beau
"either or is good" -Pearced
"i'm just enjoying life and all it's necessities" -Pearced
"not im hyperfocused on hole" -Jenn
"Australia, New Zealand....the same thing" -Pearced
"your teacher does not give a singular fuck if you have main character syndrome" -rhi
"mmm daddy yesss MMMMMM DADDDYYYYYY AHHHHH" -Pearced
"my holes are massive U^U" -Fara
"Rubbing meh holeee" -Alyx
"personally i like the balls busting in my mouth" -Alistair
"I'm gonna smack a lesbian today" -Pearced
"my friend uses one finger" -Fara
"I enjoyed my first time" -Pearced
"I only say it in small letters" -Marv
"I did, because I am perfect" -rhi
"im still eating my balls" -Arthur
"young, dumb, and full of cum" -Alistair
"getting clam slammed over here" -Alistair
"They're not important, because they're poor." -Beau
"it just makes you feel like your soul is slipping out of your asshole" -Beau
"Martin likes when his shoe is so stretched out that you can put your foot in without touching any of the sides" -Beau
"He's rubbing himself on the apple" -Martin
"Oh my god what have you been doing to Mae's hole" -Siet
"I've been having fun" -Jenn
"You don't put glass in your holes" -Siet
"canonically reggie does top" -Madeline
"did you just put your ass in my face" -ANGEL
"you have to pay the troll toll if you want to get in the boy's hole" -Beau
"I almost put it in" -Skylar
"I'm in a strange position" -ANGEL
"The clit is def apart of the vagina" -Pearced
"I just stick a water hose up there <3" -PortsOfCall
"And then shoving a hose up our asses to clear our insides" -Pearced
"if ive learned anythign from mae, its that a big hole solves most problems" -Onion
"came across someone running around with haptics on their dick when i played vr chat" -Alistair
"hole" -Mae
"these wither skeles need to give me more head" -Jenn
"thanks for head" -Jenn
"64 head" -Jenn
"TPS is this thing we don't need" -Dan
"I got a bot right now generating ai porn" -Morgana
"We're gonna have to revoke your gay card, ChibiErick." -Beau
"Wow, a White man is taking away a Hispanic man's card?" -Ryan
"one of my tits is the size of your head" -Aurora
"I've never been dehydrated after drinking piss, I think Alistair is talking shit" -Stereo
"I need to brush my kitchen" -Pearced
"That was fucking massive" -Fara
"im omw to lick hjs feet rn" -Martin
"how many people does it take to kill one little girl" -Sarah
"I want to eat dick, though." -Lix
"It's a 150g of dick" -Lix
"A sacrifice to bring forth our newest player, _69_69_69_" -Queercraft
"tbf at this point.. I'll take anything" -Dan
"Thank you for pissing on me" -Jenn
"Jennussy" -Jenn
"man i log into minecraft and get existential dread in return" -akira
"* -ulaan_alice_uwu found 32767 ancient debris"
"if you pee on me imma pee on you" -Jess
"Marv is deepthroating his body" -Pearced
"orphans" -Martin
"balls" - The Queercraft Hivemind
"you're not people right now" -Doosty
"People call me gaypeopleminecraft, because it's definitely my name" -rhi
"Your voice doesn't match your face" -Beau
"he opened the crack" -Sarah
"I am just going to assume people's pronouns" -Beau
"cloacussy" -Jenn
"i'm about to eat my rabbit" -Martin
"feet belong in shoes not anuses" -Martin
"y r u creaming" -Zain
"So I came to the bottom" -Brio
"why are you showing me your mellons T^T" -Fara
"I've already got a ten pound wiener" -Bella
"I get to be black! I want to be black!" -Martin
"Is it harder to be to black? I just thought black looked cooler!" -Martin
"He'd want to be white, because white gets to go first." -Martin
"Hiii sorry me and timez are throwing our whole asscheeks in the build rn" -Lavender
"Hobby? Get an actual girl before speaking, you useless non-reproduction bug" -Kamayuk [Newbie]
"Female sheep are biologically programmed to stand absolutely still whenever they feel attracted to another sheep and they can't move until the sexy time is over." -Taylor
"All other women are invalid" -Saige, a cis woman.
"I choke on a lot of things, but I still keep coming back to them." -Alistair
"I love a man in uniform" -Marv
"Don't they die every two years?" -Marv
"I'll just be over here licking my elbows" -Alistair
"Your body should be ashamed!" -Chell
"He's a lot easier to keep here if he's dead" -Martin
"omg I caught a mending rod" -Kyle
"I watch you urinate" -Skylar
"Taking bets on minors beating the shit out of each other is peak QC culture" -Skylar
"I DO PUNCH CHILDREN, WATCH YOURSELF" -Beau
"I was subjected to Dutch!" -Jenn
"i thought this would've been a huge dick" -Bessere
"y am i creaming" -chain
"You've changed my opinion, I love caner now" -Brio
"Everyone should get cancer now" -Brio
"I wanna step on someone" -Doc
"I read that as vibrator ngl" -Alyx
"stop shitting your ass" -Morgue
"welcome to erectile dysfunction" -Dish
"girl oyu oosmoberr" -Luna
"why is there a whale INNA lake and why is his dick out" -Morgue
"Emilia when you come to the states I'm getting you cream soda" -Skylar
"Skylar is gonna cream you" -Saige
"Piss counter reset" -Alistair
"timo helps me roll up my dick sometimes when my back hurts too much from carrying all this swag around" -Siet
"I always love in the music video when they have the rapid fire pictures of dick shaped things" -Brio
"MY DISHES WILL NEVER BE CLEAN" -Morgue
"Alright that was Big Dick Hole, requested by Marv," -Beau
"I pissed myself" -Skylar
"bruh... these golems are pissing" -Rezuri
"ITS MORBIN TIME" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"I poop my pants it feel real good" -Martin
"HE JUST KEEPS EXPLODING" -Shade
"!vore" -Zach
"get in me" -Jade
"u made me joked on pooping" -Stasen
"It's a me Mario which don't poop" -Stasen
"I don't poop on my bed, pants, or ground" -Stasen
"thats a lot... two inches is huge" -Stereo
"smash" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"meow" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"does anyone have a brown axolotl i could breed with" -Ram
"damn that must've been quite the gender reveal party" -Butter
"You know what would be really nice right about now... A nice large" -Nellie
"deez nuts" -Skylar
"If someone on QC actually found my onlyfans it's over for me" -Skylar
"explode ur dick and small ur ass, get bent losers, penis blast" -Onion
"martin how you feel without beau?" -Stasen
"martin are you friends with beau?" -Stasen
"martin do you still think i pooped" -Stasen
"they didnt even sub to my onlydans" -Dan
"Stop gaping" -Siet
"i can put my pickle on anything" -Syd
"Please don't put a portal in me" -Skylar
"Vampire mommies where" -Skylar
"Bite me" -Skylar
"GIVE ME MY FUCKING FRIES" -Siet
"cute nuts tried to join the room but it's full!" -The FNGN Machine
"All my friends are poor so it's ok" -Marv
"You can all eat shit and die." -Beau
"I'm being racist" -Doc
"thiccer than deez nuts" -Jade
"i see you are practicing being nasty again... great job" -Ewan
"if you grab my tits it'll make it gay" -Alistair
"end the human rice" -Kyle
"get in the hole boy" -Stella
"oh- i- I'm such a baka... so sorry senpai!" -Siet
"alright I'm in" -Jenn
"I am proud nothing I have ever said is in here" -EvergreenAlps
"did you guys know that garfields cum can be used as an alternative fuel if you consider my asshole a vehicule" -Alistair
"I crave his beefy kisses" -Siet
"Meow" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"Emilia I'm a catgirl" -Siet
"She also looks a bit like taylor swift" -Siet
"At this point you’re just screenshotting anything I say... There’s not really anything funny or out of context about that lol" -Siet and The Queercraft Hivemind
"I love you" -Skylar
"They're number 6 in eyeballs" -Skylar
"I'm just going to be sad I don't have a castle" -Marv
"amongussy" -Jade
"Unfortunately they won't send the drugs to me to package" -Ryan	
"I'm not gonna be dc'd again lol" *fucking leaves* -Ryan
"anyone have sunflower i can bone" -Billy
"i want to choke ewa-" -Bessere
"Skylar would you like a child" -Tisabri
"Oh my god, this is a huge shaft going down" -Skylar
"cock" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"thats a lot of ass sucking" -Luna
"why is it so wet in here jesus christ" -Lavender
"Nice to meat you." -Doc
"wow there's an entire communism of queercrafters over here" -Dish
"how long will we be in emis basement" -Pillow
"tryna ride it like a horse" -Morgue
"HE DID NOT FUCK ME" -Butter
"i love beating up twinks" -Luna
"black lives matter.. wait nevermind" -Kyle
"black lives matter important, bottom lives dont matter" -Billy
"BLM... WAIT NO" -Billy
"Im sucking penids" *fucking leaves* -Onion
"girl stop deepthroating the dental supplies" -Morgue
"it does look foreskinny" -Morgue
“Country girls make do” -Martin
An extreme_climber proceeds to die to fall damage.
"stand on my chest xoxo" -Luna
"you lookin like french fry in a parkin lot... cmere girly" -Morgue
"YEAH SPIT ON HIM" -Morgue
"Breed top cows." -Utopia
"I don't actually fear big things that much." -Marv
"Protip: Be infertile!" -Doc
"That mustache is homosexual" -Beau
"i named my shit after ppl on the server" -Jenn
"I have been behind you for a hot minute" -Emi
"I have shulkers of fuck to throw at her" -Jenn
"i need meat in my mouth" -Luna
"Skylar, why does it seem like you are up my ass when say a dozen other staff members were not? You" -Cornholic
"for those who don't know Shannon is the comedic genuis of Queercraft" -Noodle
"Martin, you're so clever I can hardly stand it" -Beau
"I have never seen a vein this large before" -Megan
"I pick blocks because they're white." -Milim
"Dan is budget me... I came first" -Flump
"I will, quite literally, have a stick up my ass" -Mae
"we will unenglishify her" -Amelia
"thats just the kind of abuse that we like" -Sarah
"did you see that he was eating me out" -parris
"Hoon_Dogg was shot by Hired CorpCo Hitman" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"I'd be suprised if you lasted more than 0.69 seconds" -Nellie
"FUCK" -ChatTzar
"Disney might pull out" -Syd
"Disney never did like condoms" -Chell
"they are a family friendly company afterall" -Locko
"More family to be friendly to" -Chell
"Joker is my hero" -Dulty
"it tastes good until you swallow" -Martin
"Let me spinach - if you Google Wanda location..." -Martin
"I have killed all the dick destroyer's except Beau" -Shade
"I've never destroyed a dick....at least not knowingly" -Beau
"I never broke your dick so leave me alone please" -Shannon
"Stop destroying my dick" -Shade
"I spoke my truth!" -Martin
"I've been known to dabble in homosexuality" -Beau
404: Qoute not found. Please try again.
"Actually it's a strip club thank you" -Skylar
"People keep killing Daddy and it makes me sad when he's dead" -Skylar
"Daddy slay me uwu" -Skylar
"no i literally fucked the farm" -Billy
"My hole has a very active eco-system." -Shai
"No I'm actually homophobic" -Siet
"Question is question" -Stasen
"The Boeble" -Kyle
"Don't be tired, it's illego" -Stasen 
"Mussolini wasn't on germany's side, fascism was." -Stasen
"Get your stereotypes right you ungrateful little cunt." -Jenn
"My nose keeps edging my sneeze." -Poosm
"Tax evasion with lesbian flags" - Shai
"waltuh your wifes in the pool waltuh" -jess3pinkman800
"this is your hole, martin?" -Chell
If you see this qoute, it means your Minecraft smoked weed.
"YOUR GUTS ALL OVER ME AGAIN" -Shade
"JESUS CHRIST A HOMO" -Siet
"a cow doesnt have cupholders" -Onion
"Don't do that with croissants, Flump" -Beau
"There's no such thing as baragin dried piss" -Skylar
"to learn more about monosodium glutomate go to e621.net" -IKEA
"i love huge things" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"Come see my hole" -ChatTzar
"A furnace is omnisexual, a blast furnace is straight" -Siet
"do I need to deepthroat my mic?" -Hoon
"i cant be! i love men!" -Sloth
"yeah bc she tastes amazing" -Wren
"joe biden is so silly tho, shame he's not real" -<Member Unknown>
"Please don't piss on any more sheep" -Skylar
"TIGHT TIGHT TIGHT" -<Member Unknown>
"THEYRE VERY SMALL U NEED TO LOOK HARDER" -<Member Unknown>
"spare a cow, milk a cowboy" -Alistair
"its still a lil rough" -Jenn
"cock is cock skylar" -Martin
"did somebody remove my dick ?" -Skylar
"Glow berries look like testicles" -Martin
"he buys hair extensions and clips them to his balls" -Siet
"they're havin my pants down at work" -Ewan
"I learned the pepsi trick in high school" -Martin
"fill me" -Pillow
"oh whoops.. forgot to get the cream" -<Member Unknown>
"im in eli" -GarlicBread
"put the tongue to use" -Shade
"im in billys hole rn its dark" -Ram
"i will pop your balls like grapes" -Kyle
"Where can I buy your Balls??!!" -Emi
"<[Nova][Mod] -TheNamesSkylar> Jenn"
"enjoy HOLE" -nikki
"fuck Dolores O'Riordan" -Jenn
"jenn is stinky" -Chain ... "damn right" -Jenn
"so I'm food tysm." -Guto
"milf mommy" -Azie
"how many asses *are* in my penis" -jess3pinkman800
"stop penising everywhere" -Timez
"i rawdog minecraft" -whoopsie
"Get in hole" -ChatTzar
"It's small lol" -Rio
"My favourite potion is invisbility because I can be like sneaky beaky like." -<User Deleted>
"there was whole ass dick in there" -Jenn
"butt" -Kyle" ... "fuck it" -Dan
"the are i love slurs in fast pieces" -LucidTree
"The fork people" -Coyote
"i feel so naked with no mods" -Jenn
"qc never dies on my watch" *vps explodes* -Emilia
"welcome skylar!" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"It's hot as fuck. People were doing a 5K in their fursuits." -Beau
If mice and keyboards had been around in the Holocaust, they would have subjected people to what you're subjecting us to! -[Redacted]
"I think a missing tooth would really bring out my eyes" -Martin
“bee sex well” -Stasen
"Do you wanna tell me why you were dming me about anime girls with big balloons, stasen?" -Hoon
"Queerblblblblblbl Fundraiser" -ChibiErick
'if men are "handsome" and women are "pretty" then they/thems are "leggy"?' -<User Deleted>
"Noooo, don't kick me in the vagina, please!" -Martin
"If I found out you lived in a silo, I wouldn't be surprised" -Beau
"I would make her dance on camera, then she would be mad at me, then I would give her an apple and she would forgive me" -Martin
"I have declared war on trees" -Theopald
"kyle happy father's day zaddy" -Flump
"Cheeks could be clapped" -Kyle
"Frinch" - Kyle
"MAKE BABIES TO DYE" -Plague
"poop" -Jenn
"holy moly this has a whole shaft" -Extra
"man these creaming goats r getting on my nerves" -Chain
"I want heads" -Skylar
"damn this one is not rideable" -Siet
"I shower naked" -Jenn
"no head for u" -21Gamer
"am in ur hole :o" -Erin
"I'm eating wren's pork. . .Wren porked me and i've been eating it ever since." -Jenn
"Withers on this server are like weak soyboy twinks" -Hoon
"hoonussy" -Kyle
"just 6 gay people buying the half naked catgirl mapart, nothing to see here" -Siet
"Billy stop inspecting my balls" -Theopald
"hey - sorry about your balls xoxo" -Luna
"hated when people would ride my ass about market stuff, or like mess with my market" - Alistair
"When there is Jumpcare, I will look away." -<User Deleted>
"You have to jumpscare the jumpscare." -Millim
"If you want to murder people . . you should be POLICED." -Stasen
"tits very good" -Jenn
"I happen to think penises are great things" -Beau
"I will actually commit child abuse" -Skylar
"i just witnessed a big buff man kill a person" -Calmandcool
"she edge my bing till i microsoft" -Saige
"i read that incorrectly all i heard is "yeah i remember alot of macbooks having estrogen"" -Pillow
"How are you?" -Emmie "Moist" -Eleanor
"did i stutter" -Bip_Ry ... "i was hoping you did" -ATLAS
"nice twerkin skylar... love to see it" -Siet
"The clapping of my cheeks just broke the soundbarrier" -Skylar
"This is a very special queercraft" -Theopald
"why is your sister trying to get you off" -Martin
"How do I get my money back from a paypal scam" *insert qcbot playtime response* -RainbowCreeper
"me and your mama is SO FUCKING GOOD RAHH" -aliceand
"Take off all your clothes" -Kyle
"everyone asks what i do, but never WHO i do" -Alistair
"I still have the image from like months ago of mike's mum burned into my wank bank" -Flump
"You're child traffickers??" -Siet
"ok" *bans newbie for 'gamer moment'* -Mae
"i drank the piss" -Jade
"i like boobs" -Eleanor
"Hello Stasen" -Siet ... "no" -Stasen
"Jenn why is it so small?" -Jenn
"we're no balls to love" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"Now my ass is in pain" -<User Deleted>
"you blow yourself?" -Jenn
"Bottom surgery, UWU" -Kyle
"I've done 19 players at once" -Kyle
"I will sit on someone" -Kyle
"get naked" -ChatTzar
"Cock sucking as usual" -Morgue
"Is that a cock?" - Skylar
"ITS JUST A SHAFT AND HEAD!! NO BALLS!! -Jenn
"THERE'S NO SNICKERS DICK VEIN!" - Jenn 
"I love bouncy balls" - Skylar
"The Cumplex" -Kyle
"*strokes iron trap doors*" -Kyle
"Rest in peace daddydilkers" -Locko
"beau has cured my autism" -Shannon
"Be the grimace guzzler the world needs to see!"
"cock of cola" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"I'm an Admin on a Queer-trans-femboy friendly server called Bottom Empire. I have to delete horny bottom stuff" -ello
"KaiserWilhelm_ is online!" -Server
"'dont eat poopoo' literally 1984" -Natalie
"wreninrome banned ieatpoopyum69 for 'Trolling'"
"DO NOT HAVE SEX WITH YOUR BLAHAJ" -Amelia
"The worst thing about peeing on Margaret Thatcher's grave is running out of piss." -Jude
"Jesus said Trans Rights" -Kyle
"yeah i mainly need help gettin the juice flowin" -Jenn
"I found my balls...I move them in my hand...I've never used them before" -Chaos
"I'd love to see more but the minors on the server would not" -Siet
"i wanna wipe my ass with hair" -Dash
"I am recruiting more slaves" -Theopald
"I love how the rod keeps getting stuck in it's anus" -Eleanor
"oooooh that feels good" -Eleanor
"Push me off the balcony, hardy daddy" -Eleanor
"quit hogging onto my balls" -Ewan
"notboox" -Hoon
"If I manage to get it in despite it being so broken..." -Beau
"My brain is homophobic" -Stasen
"I broke his penis" -Siet
"what is an unloaded jenn" -Pillow ... "ask skylar" -Flump
"its so small and ugh" -Emmie
"yeah the sudans are sexier" -maeflowers
"why is this satanistic thong allowed" -L30n2334 [Newbie, Temple Griefer]
"You are versatile." -Doc
"Big supporter of capitalism" -Siet
"If I hadn't found QC I probably wouldn't be doing Theo's mum" -Flump
"HARDER" -Hoon
"work it harder" -Zilch
"that dude is really shoving that thing in" -Jaiden
"And I love recieving!" -Jenn
"you gonna eat em out" -Azie
"I would think you have a brain problem" -Beau
"Fuckology? The study of Fuck?" -Skylar
"selling kyle in gaymart!!" -Billy
"what if i ride a llama and u make it baby while im on it" -Billy
"I kill every sex and gender" -Kyle
"kyle you are INSIDE ME" -Siet
"I am fucking huge" -Siet
"Jenn boob reveal?" -Siet
"Push me off the balcony harder daddy" -Hoon
"You deserve to be flushed Alistair." -Doc
*newbie joins* "FUCK YOU" -Dish
"like fuck i want to eat magenta concrete powder" -Jenn
"Flump flavored salad" -Ewan
"it looks like foreskin doesn't it" -Morgue
"they all know my wood is fresh and warm" -Pillow
"amelia buy my piss and marry stasen" -Billy
"Caseryn was slain by Tory MP Robin Millar" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"Ethical stuff is so boring" -Marv
"iron man and captain marvel did not have sex again i hate them" -Martin
"Oh no Jaiden your huffing paint!" -Jenn
"-Billy has married Slifryd." -MarriageMaster
"fuck you, poor" -Alistair
"You slapped morgue on the bumbum after we wrongfully imprisoned you" -Theopald
"chain_rea1 was doomed to fall by Chicken" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"chain_rea1 was slain by Chicken" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"They're so big!" -Jenn
"They're so massive!" -Jenn
"Even if H.G. Wells would hate me, I'm still able to like him." -Martin
"you're a cow and im about to milk u, euan" -Alistair
"This is also moist because it's warm" -Alistair
"gonna suck ass" -Jenn
"Thank you!" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"I am 69 expert" -<User Deleted>
*joins* "FUCK" *leaves* -Skylar
"did yall hear about the woman who was being eaten alive by maggots because she used mayo as lube?" -maeflowers
"I mean you're a bottom so... Makes sense" -Skylar
"if you fade away how can you suck on my titties" -Jenn
"Meow" -Skylar
"if you think google helps google 69" -Stasen
"IM PISSINF" -Theopald
"rip gamgam" -Cassi
"* -cozy_pillowbot eats all of them shits" -Pillow
"It's spreading faster than my legs" -Skylar
"I'm really happy that i could bite my friend" -Emmie
"you dont want to hear word boobies?" -Stasen
"jeg spiser penis" -poosm
"1 piss soaked sponge for M,1691" -QuickShop
"21GamerGuy was slain by mr boob" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"pisscraft" -Locko ... "sigh" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"I like trees. My name is Tarzan" -Pearced
":3" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"I go on top everytime" -Jenn
"Kyle would you like to see my hole?" -Locko
"kyle let's touch tips" -Jenn
"Bussy :3" -ChatTzar
"the submissive and breedable update" -Jenn
"I will build you a porch to shit on" -Jenn 
"It will still be steamy" -Jenn 
"itll still be steaming" -Jenn
"oh i guess youre my little pogchamp" -Siet
"time to get you l,ittle shits into holes" -Kyle 
"get in the hole you little fucks" -Kyle 
"i think im royally fucked in this position" -Hoon
"Lmfaooooooooo I don't need my dick sucked thanks tho" -Theopald
"Nice cock" -Jenn
"I can't be tied down" -Luna
"throwing orphans in an industrial incinerator as an annual holiday would boost economic output in the United States" -Mae
"ill suck yar wiener" -Theopald
"locko leashed me" -Azleaf
"im a sapling slut" -Morgue
"In a pinch you can put a phone in me" -Alistair
"Fuck this hole" -ChatTzar
"I don't care about chicken butt" -Emmie
"The welcome doesnt come free, I need a glizzy" -BigFrog
“this is why you fuck best buy” -Beau
"It's basically like you went into a Pre-k and kicked a bunch of kids" -Beau 
"I'm Polish, I'm Supposed To Be Homophobic" - .Czemunie2348
"imagine not playing with a femboy riding you" - PugOverLord
"im also pretty sure they're reproducing asexually" -PugOverLord
"Your mom's ass is a satanic church" -Dish
"so hot" -Jade
"i love eating skin" -Jenn
"Can't believe the church lost jesus' foreskin :(" -Flump
"I love holes" -Skylar
"staff are still in the process of colonialism" -Cassi
"It's like hobo chic from the 1920s" -Beau
"i know you love gay jokes" -Beau
"Rubix cubes were a popular toy in Auschwitz" -Beau
"you should not touch your family" -Beau
666, HAIL SATAN!
"Beaupedia ate christ" -Stasen
<[Nova][Admin] maeeeeee> !reload
<[Nova][Admin] maeeeeee> yea I'm not admin and if they asked me I would tell them to fuck off
"Come see my hole Kyle." -milim
"It's never big enough" -milim
"You are banned from this server! Reason: wish granted" -Mae
"im gonna lick your toes" -Jenn
"BE NORMAL" -Beau
"IM NAKED" -Pearced
"I wish I could see inside Billy's head" -Ewan
"someone put me in that machine plz" -21Gamer
"I hate frogs" -Flump
'Selling 27 Piss Socks, M25 each' -Billy
"trim me mommy" -Jenn
"Flying stingray cunts" -Kyle
"Acca-scuse you!?!?!" -Alistair
"Pull out! Pull out! Phew, that was intense!" -Oatin25
"#BWConBBC" -Kyle
"<--- slut for bridges" -Saige
"gimme cock" -Chain
"i like beans" -Theseguys123 [Newbie]
"DADDY" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"I want to burn down a building" "No one would be inside it but Donald Trump" -Pearced
"no im suckin the grippers" -Jenn
"Fucking go to e621" -Skylar
"There is piss on the sweater" -Saige
"Lesbianism, the religion" -Kyle
"im so wet" -Morgue
"deport me trump-kun" -21Gamer
"granny smith green you dork ass weirdo HAHAHA" -Zach
"he fingered my dog" -Xaphan
"he pissed on my wife" -cliffs
"and their pussy and their crack" -Martin
"* -StasenIsDebrising got banned by GoldenRoses55 for Cumming"
"I guess you could call me dominant and infertile" -Siet
"they are sniffing each others bums" -Chain
"mae's hole is amazing" -ChatTzar
"I gonna use this hole everday" -ChatTzar
"I'm just gonna go because I'm not useful here" -Skylar
"I just assume they got some more nonce lore" -Kyle
"kick its tiny little child head" -Cassi
"It's the SLIMEY HAG HOLE" -Azleaf
"This is Jenn's hole" -ChatTzar
"Shit I forgot to buy Sonic the Hedgehog crocs" -Dish
"Queen Lizzy blew your back out?" -Jenn
"I love me some good qc porn" -Poe
"queercraft membership comes with autism" -Cassi
"I sniff Pillow in their sleep" -Theopald
"Aww Beau, you're hot" -Eleanor
"I would lick that" -Pearced
"Fuck me, Jesus Christ" -Beau
"We're piss counter besties" -Spartan
"I'd fuck Jesus I'm ngl" -Pearced
"id bottom for our lord" -Wren
"i am hole" -Alistair
"let me come inside the hole pls" -Ewan
"jenn you have the most gorgeous hole" -Ewan
"dont worry ive repaired your mother" -Jenn
"your mom is the wood of the gfay" -Theopald
"* -jellie cannot get rammed by this fecking goat"
"I did Taylor Swift." -Shannon
"FRANK IERO AND MIKEY WAY HAVE HAD A CHILD" -Zilch
"just big gorgeous mountains" *fucking falls* -Samael
"Girlcock is still my favorite horse ive seen on the server" -Jenn
"its just the milk isnt always...milk..." -Wren
"I broke my dick yesterday" -Dish
"breast boob tiddy" -Ava
"Fizzy asshole" -Beau
"Zamn I do big shits" -Flump
"FEET" -Jenn
"I love the happy feet movies" -Scarlett
"Who out here needing the feet suckled" -Flump
"icc? international cum convention?" -Cassi
"Jenn's hole is lovely" -ChatTzar
"i love setting children on fire" -Siet
"BBC always builds character" -Oatin25
"BBC" -Oatin25
"its a pickle" -Rain
"cinnamon" -Mimi
"Nazi's first Muslim!" -Beau
The Tenerife airport disaster occurred on March 27, 1977
"Jesus also had one of the original gang bangs. TWELVE APOSTLES?!?! Greedy AF." -Beau
“do you wanna really be hitler” -Beau
“I’ve written many letters to The Hague.” -Beau
"kiss the tip" -Siet
"JustTheTipCo" -Morgue
"RogueIsGae banned 5iet for 'Rule Violation'"
"Fuck this hole" -ChatTzar
"A doctor a day keeps the apple away" -Nellie
"hello little boy, get on cam! >:)" -Beau
"how is breast feeding ur pets animal abuse ryan" -Martin
"i need daily updates on theos cum situation" -Cassi
"I am only experienced in warfare against children" -Dash
"I am edging water" -Dash
"I've been naughty, please frag granate me!" -Eleanor
"Jesus can suck my fat cock, limited time offer" -Jenn
"CryingAboutIt joined the server for the first time"
Rest in Peace, Tala.
"I like watching" -Spartan
"if you're a succubus I would think you would be craving dick minute 1" -Mae
"Do you want Billy's feet?" -Callahan
"if it's wrong to love jenns hole, i don't wanna be right" -Wren
"guys lebron died of poo disease" -Chain
"Well that's your provocative" -Pearced
"yo" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"Is that why Ted Cruz ate him?!" -Martin
"At the meetup, be sure to ask him to look at anything on your body you want examined" -Beau
"I don't know how to make it not so tight." -Martin
"I'm a republican! Look how educated I am!" -Martin
“They get married in poo” -Martin
"Ogranic cock" -Jenn
"HAVE YOU CHECKED YOUR BUTTHOLE" -Jenn
"feel free to do it irl pillow xd I can catch you :p" -Siro
"me too I personally shove kitchen objects up my ass in a sexual manner" -Mae
"killing people is good actually" -Mae
"ok lemme dump my shit" -Ewan
"hoon out of my hole" -Ewan
*concenred admin noises* -Ryan
"Has anyone ever used your squishy skull as a Fleshlight" -Beau
"Congrats on your vagina, by the way." -Martin
"Someone needs to quote 'Congrats on your vagina, by the way' someone else has to do it, I don't want my name tied to it" -Beau
"All the people that complained about the dead people in your homes, I'm destroying your homes" -Martin
"He's just a sexy, cool alien dude with cool mandibles" -Martin
"no" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"Sucking cock, mae :3" -ChatTzar
"omg there's a buff furry statue just outside eden-"
"why not are you racist" -Mangocore
"You underestimate my racism" -milim
"To be quoted in out of context, can't be me" -Eleanor
"if your coochie isn't as big as HOLE^2 its not big enough" -Morgue
"wrong hole" -Mangocore
"lobotmussy" -Morgue
"whos assigning these babies as sexy" -Luna
"I think I'm severely dehydrated and malnutritionized" -Pearced
"Learn2PlayMine was blown up by Creeper" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"Guess how much money I'm making per second.....$69" -Zach
"Now i have all these friends i don't want" -Zach
"I'm better at you than all of them." -Pearced 
"I like buying people, they get me money." -Pearced
"I like buying people, because it makes me feel powerful." -Pearced
"why is there so many penis" -The Newbie Hivemind
"I'm missing 15 enchanments from Liberians" -Kyle
"Maybe Iowa is just a dystopia" -Martin
"You're shoving it down our throat actually" -Martin
"Crucifiction trashy is your aesthetic" -Beau
"Martin is currently up his own asshole" -Beau
"He's an air concubine" -Martin
"You have the driest shit" -Beau
"meow" -milim
"In germany, if you kill with someone with pillow, do you go to jail?" -Stasen
"[Cancer] was created by make-a-wish companys to fulfill more wishes" -Dash
"Dash how much do you want for your piss?" -Stasen
"ok the hole has been privatized" -Mae
"hole is usable if you pay me" -Mae
"I will purchase access to your hole" -Kyle
"Emilia isn't in the business of breeding things" -Skylar
"Jenn come sit in my lap while I play minecraft" -Skylar
"DiaDemiEmi drowned whilst trying to escape Logitech G F710 Wireless Gamepad" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"how much to access your hole?" -ChatTzar
"mrbeast is my dad" -swen
"i live in male and i eat bisexual" -Pillow
"STOP BONING MY WIFE" -Poe
"what the fuck is oatmeal" -Jade
"HornyCatGirls is online!" -Server
"You just need saliva, that's it" -Pearced
"i love child labour" -Cassi
"Stasen did a Stasen" -Emmie
"Stasen Stasend" -milim
"I love furry porn if that counts" -Pearced
"Laura can you dig me a hole, i don't have one?" -Stasen
"sniffer 4 some" -Jess
"I only know big tiddied goth mommy" -Nellie
"fuck us hard and fast" -Joseph
"i heard the gays were being fucked" -Luna
"using mae's hole like an aldi shopping cart" -Saige
"it's Barbie time bukcos" -Shannon
"Fucking beg in vc you bottom" -Skylar
"WHO RUINED MY SEMEN POOL" -Pavel
"Konnor I'm taking my door off the hinges and go to town" -Skylar
"Looks at drain clear seductively" -Ellie
"Why use lot word when few word do trick" -Martin
"Do you know how delicious human fingers would be" -Shade
"Can I make your dogs have sex?" -Martin
"It's actually very nice being on top!" -Spartan
"Boobily Breastily" -Alistair
"Sluts are not allowed full stop." -Jenn
"come on were going to check out mr.penis!" -Oyster
*someone loses building* "yay" -Siet
"You can pull me, spartan ;)" -Eleanor
“I like to think that the avocado is autistic” -Jenn
"Everyone hookup with alistair." -Skylar
"Impaling alistair with our rods." -Siet
"We're doing Spartan, I guess" -Hoon
"i lost my dick at cc" -Morgue
"What i the playtpus O.o" -ChibiErick
"jennuinely" -Hoon
"if im putting something in my mouth, it better be hard" -Dash
"id be religious for big tiddy goth gf jesus" -Cassi
"No but it claps when I ride" -Poe
"I'm gonna conc your crete." -Jenn
"I love the house and giant penis with white stuff coming out of it next to Jenn's statue." 
"I do have that effect on people"
"but eh im more of a recreational virgin" -Pillow
"Shake your best shot!" -Martin
"Reject women. Embrace hole." -Jenn
"why do you want to watch ben shapiro engaging with his piss kink" -Dish
"Sylan was slain by Boobs" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"don't do that, ill start lactating!" -Pearced
"ill lock your jukebox kyle" -Morgue
"The good thing about being shorther than Sylve is that I can bite his ankles." -Emmie
"idk daddy be a good kitten :3" -Flump
"Seman go in vagina kablam" -Emmie
"god im so suspending a railway rn" -Emilia
"and i fucked your pots im sorry" -Jenn
"I'd suck daddy nips" -Pearced
"longy" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"Sounds like the fear of nipples" -Morgue
"I'm still mad at him for dying of an overdose." -Beau 
"My eyes were watering" -Pearced
"[The water] speaks to me" -Emmie
"hands and feet inside the llama" -Remy
"It's like as if at christmas we ate santa" -Marv
"I'm not a basic bitch, I'm a classic whore" -Marv
"how does it feel to be inside a sniffer" -Amelia
"The foreskin of the mouth the like thingy between the jaws to the side right" -Pearced
"bye!" *dies* -Dish
"That's it I'm getting the strap" -Remy
"communist mentally ill baddie played by florence pugh sex scenes" -wren
"meow" -Billy
"he asks if i wanna cuddle but then he just fucks the hell outta me" -wren
"I want her to throw up rainbows" @Emmie
"It made my name cream" -Emmie
"Cat have penis?!" -Stasen
"grr girth be teasing me fr" -Billy
"girth is such a tease" -Ewan
"Tell them grown internet man said it's okay" -Beau
"RyanSaysJif left the server" *server starts*
"I wanna shove his twink ass in the pool" -Beau
"I saw you in that olly, and martin was following you around eating raw fish" -Beau
"[Angry DJ noises]" -Skylar
" I don't care if you're 7 years old, I'm going to punch you in the throat." -Beau
"It's a little known fact that all staff are birthed from Beau's womb" -Shannon
"hello ^-^ just jump down the rainbow butthole to get started!" -Shade
"We just kidnapped all the children on the School Bus, and made them a band" -Beau
"Queercraft: The world's finest autism simulator." -Skylar
"dont eat or drink ur clothes" -Flump
"When it's wet, it goes in" -Sambo
"Sorry I don't care about penis right now sylv" -Emmie
"go drink some titty milk" -Geese
"I'm kind of a big deal here" -Martin
"I would feel guilty about hitting Donald Trump" -Martin
"Apparently it's not vibrators" -Ryan
"We're not that kinda gay" -Martin
"Just cracked me neck and it felt so good i think i just nutted" -Jenn
"im dummy thicc and the clap of my ass cheeks makes stealth impossible" -Jenn
"im so thicc my thighs thunder when i walk" -Jenn
"im actually about to exit my big cock era" -Jenn
"bouta enter my puffy pussy era" -Jenn
"Cum hair" -Morgue
"Remy, don't sniff lettuce. Sniff men." -Sam
"your a blue weed" -Oyster
"I'm a blue weed" -Emmie
"Just find a face to sit on" -Siet
"shove it up your bumbum" -Remy
"greetings Hoelar" -Mae
"so whats your favoraite cat flavor?" -Ham5ter
"I don't wanna be shat all over"
"I'd love to" -Emmie
"guys stop milking eachother" -swen
"!skylar" *server stops* -Chain
"fucking hell, there goes my mother again" -Siet
“I’m going to do Naked Vaccuming” -Oyster
<[Nova][Mod] -Welcome> welcome HAHA
"I'm biting @muru's toes in minecraft." -Emmie
"They're my juicy kernels" -muru
"We're cool, gay and sometimes German." -Ellie
"I prefer to get both my hands involved" -CarpeMagica
"always shake your nuts before you eat them" -muru
"YOUR DAD SHAKES HIS NUTS?" -Oyster
"id love the warm goo filling me" -FemboyUWU
"I'm after you ankles now!" -Emmie
"when they can steal each others shirts, but when i steal from the clothing shop i get arrested?" -Jaiden
"Hoon_Dogg was slain by Hoon_Dogg was slain by Hoon_Dogg using Hoon_Dogg using [Hoon_Dogg was slain by Hoon_Dogg using Hoon_Dogg]"
"female box" -Nellie
"This child did not want to be hit off the cliff" -Callahan
"that is not nice I almost broke my dick" -Dish
"had to colonize ur ass in my face" -Maxi
"kai feel free to kill the adults that are down here" -Nellie
"cause we don't kill children, only adults" -Nellie
"sleeping is lame, be giga chad" -Stasen
"....... okay short stuff" -Oyster
"Cool! All my friends are dead and I have this robot" -Martin
"good evening all ye fat people" -Mae
"Like… cum frog?" -Poe
"I milked him" -Jaiden
"Jennpai didn't notice me QQ" -Eleanor
"A baguette up your butt would be a pain in the ass" -Siet
"The walls kinda look like boobs" -Emmie
"infinite boob wall" -milim
"I will not say meow and that isn't piss" -Callahan
"The whores will police this server" -Jude
"I was sucking up Pizza's mom last night so my throat needs a rest" -BluBerri
""Can I kill your son?" -Stasen
"im such a pickle slut" -Morgue
"Can I play with poop balls?" -Stasen
"A creeper just blew on my face" -Samael
"dick" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"you KNOW im hittin that bong like its a child" -Jenn
"What? I'm gripping it how you like" -Eleanor
"the hole" -Natalie
"the hole" -Bri
"I hate it when I leak purple" -Jenn
"If I didn't fill the meat case....." -Martin
"God gives the strongest soldiers the craziest whatever" -GayIcon
"BEAT YOUR KIDS" -Martin
"Stupid floozy Susie" -Martin
"Dig up any skeleton" -Beau
"You were talking about pescatarian or something?" -GayIcon
“Fucking sploot bullshit” -Beau
"lets have sex" -Theopald
"men discovering pussy for the first time" -Mae
"Well Mae is pro slavery" -Beau
"Yeah you can be a bigot" -Shannon
"Don't fist the bird" -Pearced
"Fist the bird" -Jude
"Note to self, don't go to war in forklifts" -Martin
"thats the only creamer i get" -Samson
"its fun to pull it out if someone is being mean while im femme af" -Jenn
"I'll get one while I'm getting my dick peeled open" -Jenn
"I guess science here is getting my balls" -Jenn
"can i get a taste" -Cassi
"little crab demon" -Beau
"I was a christian and he was a christian and we were going to get gay married!" -Beau
"I'm finishing my show with a song that has jesus in the fucking title....I'm going to hyperventilate...oh jesus" -Beau
"Oh Skylar - hit them with your sausage" -Jenn
"why is it so tiny what the fuck" -Cassi
"We need to protest the idea of France" -Martin
"vandalism is fun" -aroa
"Being a Lesbian gives u anti-die ability" -Stasen
"Two fingers on the trackpad" -Morgue
"I stuff them in my mouth whole and consume" -alu
"meow" -Callahan
"'sniffer' is what i call jennjenns when i got the dogs out" -wren
"im gonna cum" -BebeLamint
"bless me daddy" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"sackballnut joined the server for the first time" -Server
"my meemaw is a bucket of powder" -Morgue
"Titty Tuesday" -Remy
"You hit every branch on the way down on the autism tree" -Beau
"That is jizz you DIPSHIT!!" -Beau
"I wanna feel like what it's like to be buried alive" -Beau
"He's pouring gasoline on my guilt fire" -Martin
"I might glue this head back on, it's really pretty" -Emmie
"Sparkle sparkle you are now gay sparkle sparkle" -Callahan
"The game is an endless folkish being created from mankind to be the destruction of mankind, you can’t win the game" -Callahan
"I am the forest witch and I curse people grr" -Callahan
"i really thought that said "cat milk" was just gonna accept it" -Ari
"It go like waw waw waw oh my oh my" -Callahan
"slut me out" -Remy
"I bought billys bath water" -Remy
"swiggity wooty I am coming for that booty" -Remy
"okay getting rammed but not getting horn" -jellie
"getting a vajenna" -LiquidLegs
"bri try stepping on me rq" -Nellie
"I have titties in my face" -Lumi
"im finna shit YOUR pants, spartan" -jellie
"I didn't expect you to go in!" -Jenn
"Europeans are best!" -Stasen
"Never been inside Flump" -Theopald
"What the fuck!? @coyote has pants?!?!" -muru
"IM GOING TO FUCKING CREAM" -Pearced
"Can they hurry up and breed already" -Nellie
"hes bouncin off my booty cheeks i love the way he rides" -Natalie
"eat my ass" -Jenn
"Where's my blankie, bitch?" -Shannon
"We should surrender so we win." -Pearced
"It's not personal, it's just that you don't have a dad." -Beau
"The palette of autism" -Pearced
"I'm really artistic, that's what all my doctors say." -Martin
"THEYRUE INSIDE MY PUSSY" -Luna
"I wish I had 150 pp" -Ava
"Also we're doing gods work since he's busy giving children cancer" -Beau
"Oh no my hole was not big enough." -ChibiErick
"That's why im getting this mouse for martin, it comes with a baby." -Beau 
"Martin likes penis." -Beau 
"No, I like feet." -Martin
"I NEVER SAID I RUBBED IT ON MY FACE" -Billy
"i love great british pounding" -Ewan
"im sexist apparently sorry" -Morgue
"i should not be trusted with pumpkins" -Natalie
"what is hole" -Samson
"I'm also autistic over Halo" -Jenn
"I'm ready to get railed by the covenant too" -Martin
"Imagine having memories with your father" -Pearced
"In space no one can hear you commit war crimes" -Jenn
"They both have dommy mommy energy" -Martin
"I have locketronchers" -Martin
"I've hit new levels of deranged" -Jenn
"i want dick" -Luna
"also whats up with the same sex bathrooms" -Cheesy_Cracker [Newbie]
"I just choked on a sausage" -Pearced
"And god told me butt stuff is fine" -Noodle
"girl someone put something in her duck food" -Morgue
"it's spongey inside" -Syd
"I need those to buy head" -Jenn
"omg theo make Billy come" -jellie
"Sometimes I faint from blasting too fast" -Theo
"liv pls let me out of ur hole" -Chain
"mmm yummy foreskin" -Siet
"I'm such a slut for mustard" -Flump
"AmeliaAureliaAstelle pinned a message to this channel. See all pinned messages." -Discord
"its gettin bigger >:D" -Tuna
"the full thing is out now" -Amelia
"I just deep throated a chunk of cookie by accident" -Pearced
"this thing is so big" -Amelia
"in flesh space" -Mousey
"It's my favorite pastime - getting dysentery" -Jenn
"Sex speedrun sounds like the average cis man" -Martin
"I love oppressing women, especially my cat who is a woman" -Martin
"I'm god and she's my favorite woman actually" -Martin
"pouring out of your vagina?" -Emmie
"Ofc you would you british mother fucker" -Pearced
"o7" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"Dics" -Callahan
"cry while you shake those cheeks mama" -Morgue
"ChatTzar was kicked by ChatTzar for ':3'." -ChatTzar
"OMG HE CAME" -Models
"I don't want more cocks, I want socks" -Callahan
"Eden is the survival world!" -Callahan
"BOOBIES" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"PISS NAME" -Emmie
"deez nuts in saiges mom" -Chain
"if the human penis was coiled, you'd literally have to screw into someone's" -Jackson
"my boobs just jumped out of my torso" -Amelia
"I dunno lol" -QCBot
"imma smack you with my meat" -Fara
"Why is shrek making out with a mermaid" -Emmie
"my comfort food is this dick" -jellie
"idk how to get into your hole" -Natalie
"i like rubbing this banana" -Timothy
"I just think we can find a middle ground between killing minorities and not killing minorities" -Rio
"replace the us gov w boobs" -Amelia
"i love riding thomas" -Timothy
"Beautiful. Deffo worth spendin 100 on a head" -Jiayi
"Market Violation! You know what you did." -Siet
"i have a fanny devito pillow next to me....how'd you know" -Jackson
"Pussy stank like corn chips" -Jenn
"It's the gay homosexual way" -Martin
"That's 'cuz you're gay and autistic" -Shannon
"I don't have food in my country" -Stasen
"im making pansexual guitars" -Oyster
"uwu RawR xD teehee :3" -Ewan
"I thought we were finally free from the cum" -Callahan
"To be fair, Homosexuals are scary" -Carroll
"I sucked my own dick and poisoned myself" -Jude
"stasen meet at spawn i have the feet" -Sei
"Theo you make me fucking livid" -Nellie
"That makes me think you've seen him fucking ur mother" -Pearced
"lobster is just dummy thicc crab" -Chain
"he smell bullshit (bullshit is u)" -Shannon
"And there's no gurantee that syd is coming back" | "HippieSyd is online!" -Hoon
"I hear the pussy vibrating" -Anni
"I'm trying to get my manly man cheeks printed" -Anni
"pls dont suck me" -Toe
"how many fucking accounts do you have just turn off your VPN omg" -Server (aka Skylar)
"pookie i killed all of them" -Billy
"Meow" -Ewan
"How are you, Cum King?" -Rio
"if I wanted to be shamed I'd go find a dominatrix" -Siet
"No online players" -QCChat
"do you like exploding balls?" -muru
"It's lucrative being a twink" -Ewan
"I don't know who this guy is but I'm starting to like cock" -Callahan
"useed genjy fedehlct" -Nellie
"Martin is best known for standing on his hind legs" -Beau
“The autism force is strong with you today” -Beau
"America is what we're good at" -Martin
"Big ol homo." -Beau
"Pay attention you lttle ADHD chihuahua" -Beau
"Incest is very big in my family" -Oyster
"oh my] ..that was so passionate" -Wren
"the potatoes are made from human flesh dw" -Natalie
"horse sex is more of a normal queercraft conversation...so is rabbit shit" -Martin
"sometimes i let her lick it" -Martin
"I am putting positivity and this..." -Martin
"I want to cry." -Callahan | "good!!" -Wren
"Can't move now guess I'll shit myself" -Flump
"summer is fucking" -Amelia
"i cant believe we're inside a sniffer" -Amelia
"My tits are in my wardrobe" -Ellie
"You will rue the day you missed out on feeling my warm body against yours" -Alistair
"I want her to spank me" -Taylor
"I wish I had my grandma's kidney stone" -Demon
"pussy pearl" -Alistair
"Martin masturbates to sadness." -Beau
"-Obama joined the server" -QCChat
"im gonna eat the flex tape" -Natalie
"Source: I'm ripping ass" -Jenn
"I'm not going to shit!" -Oyster
“shame really left my body after that” -Marv
“i remember when i found a bunch of photos of lightning mcqueen taking it up the tailpipe” -Beau
“is there a new alley that doesn’t have freedom?” -Beau
“i never fixed anything” -Marv
“yes my internet cut out my internal organs and that’s what gives them one star” -Jaiden
“I hate pp :sob:” -Noodle
“i’m very bad at my job” -Marv
"i thought you said poopy" -Beau
"I like the one where you can have sex with monsters" -Mae
"I thought 'sopping' was when mormons go in but don't thrust" -Martin
"Make them poop" -Stasen
"actually which ones bigger" -Amelia
“i’m going to cancel joe biden on queercraft because i definitely know what his politics are” -Marv
"Did it sound like I said 'Yay cummies'" -Martin
"MY FATHER SAID 'HERE TAKE MY ASS'" -jellie
"usually gay furries disappoint their fathers; my father disappointed me" -Limpboil
"he fucks hagrids dead body" -jellie
"what happened to your grandpas balls" -Siet
"It works a lot better if you play by yourself" -Pearced
"i have nice toes" -Cassi | "yum" -Skylar
"-Natalucifer left the server" -QCChat | "okay" -Natalie
"can i just stick it down here?" -Skye
"I just watched the new episodes of Fiona and came" -Callahan
"Bri'ishsexual" -Locko
"Quick! Jenn heeds head!" -Saige
"you should get on all fours and bark at the wasps" -Ewan
"Let's start executing all the minors on QC" -Skylar
"nightlake died" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"-TheNamesSkylar joined the server" | "Server has stopped" -QCChat
"Socks are for lovers" -Jenn
"Some people come in socks too" -Eleanor
"my hoe is named 'skylar' lmao" -Bree | "Server has stopped" -QCChat
"Ewan when is the orgie" -Theo
"the tit heard around the world" -Dish
“Balls for life!” -rhi
“I’m living my truth” -Shannon | "FAKE NEWS" -rhi
"Rasputin had a 13 incher" -Michael
“Can you squeeze my corn dog?” -Demon
"look at those mushrooms" -Chibi
“Trump 2024” -Demon
“I got more white” -Beau
"foreskin calamari meow" -Flump
"Cassi is a good lil discord kitten" -Nellie
"unfortunitly my girlfriend broke up with me recently so yeah :,)" -Wolfclaw | "woah poggers" -Ewan
"ok i have now shit myself" -Amelia
“Have you gone outside before?” -Beau
"getudiydiyfyovb" -Olly
"Oh, he's dancing. He's definitely gay." -Noodle
"What about racist ones" -Siet | "Those are the best ones" -Pearced
"Trump is super cool tho?" -Pearced
"You can't just encourage cannibalism like that" -Siet
"Natalie, u food?" -Callahan
"i'd eat natalie in a friend way not in a weird way" -Bree
“Why do you hate the KKK?????” -Shannon
"don't tell beau I ate five vitamin gummies instead of four" -Daemon
“Stop thrusting” -Martin
"well this is not the correct account" -FastestS3xHaver
"i’m sure you can take a lot of things” -Skylar
“The only good thing about white skin is the privilege” -Marv
“He was horny. He was horny for his mother!” -Martin
“I can taste the blue” -Shade
“Donald J. trump should’ve won” -Janette
“Why is this walrus frustrated? My vagina” -Skylar
“I thought you would pick my vagina” -Hoon
“There are two genderless holes?” -Shannon
"Luna" -Stasen | "Server has stopped" -QCChat
"u dont deserve human rights" -Cassi
"we are *not* going to keep boners in sas" -Amelia
"Why is a boner in sas" -Callahan
“I bonemeal my chest fr fr” -Jenn
"Penises are like worms" -Pearced
"I'm gonna have you ride in the trunk" -Beau
"me toot" -Cassi
"now sex" -Theo
"No we don't like balls" -Avnar
“Meetup’s over? Good.” -Oatin25
"sorry you hate fun beau" -rhi
"you can take 5 of my inches" -Bree
"One more fr*ck or h*ck and I'll screech at the resonant frequency of your colon making you shit ourself instantly" -Flump
"moana but everytime moana speaks its replaced with gay sex" -Jeremy
"soospicious" -Dulty
"BerryBlender died (x5)" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"-Flump left the server" -QCChat | "ok later noobs" -Flump
"Jenn i will be ur babie <3" -jellie
"grow boobs, not racial superioirty complexes" -milim
"They're like crusty balls" -choomah
"I fuck cars in the gas tank" -choomah
"Is a motherboard technically a MILF?" -choomah
"country boys make do" -Martin
"we better not be talking about the amount of boobs you need to feed a human child" -Bree
"My ass is fine." -Lumiere
"I only speak to people who have the same size tower as me" -Ewan
"poltical statment" -Remy
"i feel the demons coming inside of me" -Butter
"my cat likes to just go to town licking it all night" -Unknown
"stasen is weird tho" -Amelia (based)
"I fuck bricks" -Hunter
"Hot, smelly gum" -Oatin25
"you can eat anything once" -Callahan
"It looks like elephants can get herpes." -AlchemistQ
"I want crabs" -rhi
"sure, sure, liberal" -Jude
"I don't sports" -Casey
"Don't care, wrong, bad" -Beau
"I don't know anything, I'm Norwegian" -wanker
"There's only room for one banana and one corn" -Martin
"haha, he said booty !" -Shannon
"You're mumbling about chicken sex." -Beau
"It's like depression porn, it's too much." -Beau
"I eat spiders." -Ryan
"Those baby spiders need to catch spider planned parenthood" -Shannon
"The autism is your dad" -Beau, probably to Martin
"meow" -Amelia
"You should suck a dick and shut up." -Beau
"you don't want a soft lawyer" -Demon
"They get off on talking about their own trauma." -Beau
"so much white stuff" -Bree
"Accidentally hold your thingy too hard" -Emmie
"oH MY goOodNEss BabY GiRL! Why are you butt naked?" -Lumiere
"The spout was longer than I thought it would be" -Ryan
"I just gotta kill these doggies" -Martin
"There was definitely some 69'ing involved" -Skylar
"babe whats wrong you've not touched your kidney stone mac n cheese" -Tuna
"meow" -Natalie, Siet, Jess, and Amelia
"meow" -The entire fucking server
"Like I'm not biting someone's dick" -Timothy
"I'm crazy about oppressing people" -Skylar
"its spewing its white stuff all over cc" -Alyx
"I can see my shit floating in it xD" -Tuna
"puwunish me" -Jenn
"Pooped so hard I need to alternate between wiping my ass and wiping sweat off fr" -Theo
"Oblivion Necrophilia" -Martin
"he sells hemroidd cream lmao" -Bree
"COLONCO" -Colleen
"You deserve non-consensual fatherly love" -Martin
"pfffft I am not cool" -Jess | " ^ " -Alyx
"OMG. I sell my piss to strangers on the internet #girlboss" -Jenn
"Ass so thicc that the game can't render it all at once" -Rio
"0YJ was slain by The Stairs at Gaymart" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"Nobody has died on the stairs of GayMart." -Hoon
"I'm just putting it straight down my throat - yummy" -Pearced
"Punching babies is fun" -Pearced
"You gotta get that combo smack you know" -Pearced
"Holy fuck I've got a lot of wood" -Pearced
"I have painted a lot of penises" -Martin
"i have a ton of fucking dudes" -Beau
"Fuck your priests" -Beau
“Cream in my mouth on a saturday morning” -Pearced
"I want the craps so bad" -Skye
"We can't eat your ass" -Wollo
"Everytime you say that you sound like you have more things wrong with you than the things you do have wrong with you" -Beau
"peppa pls do not ask if i want to come" -Shannon
"That's what happens when you peak too early." -Beau
"You are my big" -Martin
"Can we not talk about Martin's communal family sex toy drawer?" -Beau
"I am always under the influence of autism" -Martin
"I put four in her box" -Skylar
"an admin of a charity is telling you to commit arson" -Flump
"theo has enough foreskin to feed all of macedonia" -Cassi
"i haet gay people" -jellie
"im sorry yall im just anti el gee bee tea" -jellie
"those things on the trees" -Lumiere
"See, the woman's anatomy really is something" -Oatin25
"Sometimes, if she's really calm, she will let em put my finger into her mouth" -Martin
"oh lets go to the dicks" -Jenn
"human centipede" -Saige
"Are you a sub rio or what do you do again?"
"tuna i will cut off those nips" -jellie
"my titty milk is 50% microplastics" -Jenn
"Tim can I get a welcum" -Juniper
"you wanna fuck slime? go for it sand" -Juniper
this splash is number 1337 which i think is kinda funny
"u use cum for your coffee?" -Dead
"my sniffer is inside me -.-" -jellie
"holes are better sorry girlypop <3" -Juniper
"I stamped little dimples in my balls so they're more aero like golfballs" -Flump
"What if we kissed webcams" -Jenn
"*pisses cutely*" -Emmie
"I'm testing to see if im autistic." -Beau
"billys shits defy the laws of physics" -Timothy
"bree be my sugar mommy gimme moneh" -Timothy
"OMG SIMPSON ARE YOU DRY HUMPING A MINOR" -Timothy
"I'M AUTISTIC" -Shannon
"pumpkins aren't real, you can't fuck them" -Shannon
"no more head for chibi LMAO" -Dulty
"I'm in my underwear now" -Beau
"The Confederacy was a break off server of the United States." -Martin
"especially children need to suffer through it" -Pearced
"I've Got Gock!" -Maxi
"might get my legal name changed to Moon Cock Tober" -Maxi
"cops curb stomp mentally ill people here" -Cassi | "omg nice im jealous" -lorenza
"We are now going to debate the rules and requirements for competitive sex." -Aluthos
"cock if it was good" -Natalie
"why is it all wrinkly" -Jaiden
"i know he supports the settler colonialist state of israel but i want him to colonize these guts yk" -Wren
"as soon as i get my pc built i will literally download BG3 and shart" -Amelia
"out of cock" -Morgue
"is this about pubic farts" -Jenn
"take my meat" -Zilch
"I'll have a look when I'm hoe Saturday!" -Siet
"He's got a whole esophagus to fit them" -Galasis
"Driveway spaghetti." -Pearced
"gimme a sex" -Bree
"I'm doing child abuse" -Nothingbad
"I like kicking the elderly" -Pearced
"You can tell whoever to suck up whatever" -Noodle
"otherwise ive just been massaging it when im in the shower" -Jenn
"jenns columbus is showing" -Bree
"he walks in and my pants are already off" -Jenn
"Nothing like snacking on a boob of corn" -Rio
"Me biting the corn titty" -Saige
"eh I have two kidneys" -Dish
"i am now inside lenin" -Natalie
"lenin just gave birth to me" -Natalie
"I feel through his ass AGAIN" -Callahan
"i fell out of his ass" -Reign
"oh my god its puckered" -Cherry
"you turned her into balls, that's so mean" -Dish
"Robert's slow as shit - he has a limp" -Martin
"Slow ass Robert" -Martin
"I took a dump in the middle of town" -Martin
"why are there human balls" -Dish
"Women used to use the ends of broomsticks to masturbate. You, are, welcome!" -Siet
"I can't believe jesus called me a dick" -Olly
"jfdlkarhsdalk" -Olly
"are you shaking your head at testicles?" -Dish
"It's a good closer, nobody's expecting Hitler" -Beau
"new rule you cant use screenshots in the oocqc thread because they take too much time" -Amelia
"Wanna come wee?" -Rio
"welcome to our cumminity center!" -Callahan
"Everytime I come on here I get boobies" -Syd
"Don't S your H at me" -Siet
"Wait, who took away my penis?" -wanker
"born to shart forced to wipe" -Reef
"Im sorry i had to pull it out" -ANGEL
"You ever get it in your nose while you have a fuck ton of it in ur mouth?" -Pearced
"Just be normal" -Dish
"natalie is in the hole" -Bree
"Face flavour" -Flump | "my favorite" -Natalie
"I just got murdered by a gunshot with a asshole" -Pearced
"do you support the lgbt" -Anne | "no" -Amelia
"It does throat shit" -Demon
"hold on my sisters hittin me" -coco | "I'd love that" -Rio
"Jade what is in your mouth" -Beau
"Yes, I'm gay, what..." -Beau
"kyler got blown" -Cassi
"Just unironically asked someone if she's barefoot" -Theo
"she scoobys on my dooby till i doo" -Jenn
"Its just a flesh tube?????" -Reef
"Jumpscared by Santa's fat pussy" -Kyler
"Im shidding" -Reef
"Oh i can do that too i just have to dislocate my thimb[sic]" -Pearced
"when i tell you i just made an entire 8 inches disappear im not playing" -Luna
"I mean are you even having fun if it isn't at least 11 inches?" -Caroline
"That's an advantage of having a small dick"  -Caroline
"double fisting the pumpkin pie" -Jess
"Never meet a cute or funny child, only a puntable one" -Callahan
"THIS IS WHY I DIVORCED YOU" -Hoon
"wtf is on ur face" -Timothy | "dont ask" -Callahan
"twisted, you're my favorite bird" -Dish
"My dick is broken" -Dish
"I don't want to eat carrots, what am I? Poor?" -Elodie
"do not put that in your mouth" -Dish
“if you put that in your mouth do not put that in your mouth” -Dish
“that is not average” -Dish
"I'm going to get my fucking corn out" -Martin
"I'm getting rammed in the rear" -Dish
"Can I see your boobs?" -Elodie
"If only your computer could comprehend the sheer scale of my Minecraft tits." -Tam
"i married my dog" -Dulty
"The shit smell gets here first" -Beau
"Can you have urban chickens where you are?" -Martin
"No i dont like to be mushy" -Noodle
"I also had the urge to move it around in my mouth" -Martin
"Someone quote me!" -Elodie
"Everything else is yummay" -Elodie
"As a gay man, I've never been so tired of seeing a dick and balls" -Beau
"Why is the dick pouch so large???" -Ryan
"martin can you please get your pork out of my face" -Jenn
"I am going to punch some children tonight I swear to god. Oh fucking christ!" -Beau
"Your rabbit is a basic bitch" -Beau
"Hold it in your mouth" -Hoon
"Oh, I like swallowing mud." -Callahan
"I am in the midwest, I am above you!" -Dish
"I will eat children with Twisted" -Dish
"you're a kazoo noise" -Dish
"I'll punt two children" -Callahan
"I make sure to victim blame as much as possible" -Beau
"I didn't know that wikifeet existed, I wish I still didn't know that wikifeet exists." -Caroline
"my pussy sound like u jumpin on slime blocks meoww" -Reef
"why are we now talking baout touching boobs" -Narrator
"I ate your family for dinner." -Charlotte
"I have some of your cocked penis" -Dish
"we love a good ol dripping cock" -Pearced
"george washington was a stiletto away from being a drag queen" -Luna
"eat my balls" -Dish
"Eat die and shit!"-Dish
"Honduran Jesus is Snorlax" -Charlotte
"and she spent the next decade sucking" -rhi
"my favorite flaccid drug is ibuprofen" 
"More pussy is more better" -creepergal
"the hole is too small" -Reef
"twisted you fuck get online so i can divorce" -Jade
"Syd, I almost smelled your name as STD :skull:" -Rio
"I don't like doing things cuff of the moment." -Jenn
"Who should see this? Richard Simmons?" -Beau
"Who the fuck is this bizarrely sexy female rabbit?" -Beau
"Was it porn simulator? was it fuck hitler in the basement?" -Beau
"I thought it was a whore game!" -Demon
"It's a spicy s" -Marv
"I wanted gender dysphoria" -Martin
"I don't know if there's anything creepier than Russian being whispered in my ear" -Beau
"We have a theme park here called Kentucky Kingdom" -Ryan
"Do you know how emotionally unstable I am" -Martin
"fuck trump in the ass with the dildo with the most STDs to ever exist" -Juniper
"Wanker? I hardly know her!" -Dish
"I got sucked so hard I broke" -Demon
"Waluigi is dead again" -Charlotte
"I love Bloodborne, it's the only Souls game where I have a gun" -Charlotte
"god ass!?!?" -Hoon
"What if I want foot fungus?!" -Callahan
"why are you axe murdering someone in a wheelchair?!?!" -Dish
"corn holder" -jackbox.tv
[Keyboard clicking with the force of 1000 suns] -Chibi 
"they just sexed in the boat!" -5klr
"The boobs have long since passed." -Dish
"I'm autistic, bitch!" -Stasen
"If you resign I'm banning you" -Beau
"Neon genital" -Ryan
"I'm the Martin with Martism" -Martin
"I dug a hole, I drowned the horse, then I made a grave for him." -Martin
"Homophobia is attractive lowkey" -Remy
"I heard about the server on a clash rolaye clan" -[Newbie] .TiredPill0w
"wanted to buss down on tow mater" -jellie
"I'll just ride the French villager instead" -Callahan
"I hope Natalie suffocated in a wall" -Callahan
"Yay teen pregnancy :partying_face:" -Saige
"Fish got fingers before we got GTA 6 crazy" -Pearced
"BOTH ENDS HAVE RUPTURED" -Morgue
"mango will u get in my hole" -Morgue
"Winnie the pooh bouta poll[sic] dance for us" -Pearced
"You can overdose on cumming" -Jude
"CEILING PENIS!" -Jude
"WHY ARE YOU RUBBING THE DICK!?!?" -Beau
"TALK IN THE VC OR I WILL STAB YOU" -Beau
"I wasted my asian women on that" -Beau
"I'm too different that way" -Pearced
“Hi Olly’s dad, please pause the pumping” -Pearced
"Beau only pays attention if it's about thongs" -Noodle
"Trains go choo" -beans
"legs open for jesus" -Reef
"I want to choke you in your fucking sleep everytime you say something stupid" -Pearced
"oh boy the sperm" -Bree
"I'll go in. Actually no, I don't want to be adopted." -beans
"im rippin ass as we speak" -Jenn
"If I wasn't a queer ally, I would hate you." -Pearced
"morgue can we please kiss" -jellie | "sorry im vegan" -Morgue
"       " -Callahan
"He doesn't have a dad, i don't know if that's relevant or not" -Beau
"Ima give this guy a carrot penis" -Beau
"There are some upstairs... making new elves... with Mrs. Claus.. Santa doesn't know" -Beau
"White knight for Siet's piss" -Rio
"We're out here forcefemming Zain lmao" -Rio
"vehicular manslaughter" -caitlin
"I'm talking about like, fruit water, Not pee."  -beans 
"MARBLE WAIT is your mom single" -Reef
"You've never seen balls in a pet store?" -Demon
"fr i just got home and throated my grinder whats goin on" -Luna
"Black piss indicates you've got that dawg in you"
"please kindly head on over to the nearest public park and then explode" -Amelia
<[Nova][Newbie] PillowBot> "not again"
"Hoon, who may or may not have eaten a whole can of pumpkin" -Beau
"morgue usrname how much spend i not buy i dont like now much?" -eronlee
"Gotcha! I'll pull us into a curry and we can get started!" -Morgue
"this is ewans bussy" -Billy
"FUCK HORSES" -jellie
"im gonna make mead using flumps puthy yeast" -Cassi
"NO MY ASSHOLE ISNT A DEMON I SWEAR" -creepergal
"not fun kissing so many newbies" -Sei
"omg *suction sounds*" -Tuna
"It should be two crowbars" -Dish
"Oh yeah, hit me again, big mama" -Beau
"Evil or Autism?" -Beau
"I've got that autism rizz" -Martin
"uwu the sewvew is gonna shut down in two miwutes" -Broadcast (emilia)
"That hacker group full of gay furries is attacking a nuclear lab to make cat girls" -Manta
"SHOW ME THE HOLE" -Bree
"I was distracted by the penis" -Beau
"YOU DONT KNOW GERMANY STASEN? YOU'RE POLISH?!" -Sei
“SEI IN MY HOLE” -Stasen
"im beating the shit out of lorenza rq" -jellie
"You dumb dick" -Beau
"God gave you different gifts" -Beau
"That bulge isn't safe for anything" -Beau
"The fact that you're more concerned with punting small dogs than children is concerning. -Martin
“Children deserve it” -Callahan
"I would rather fuck an anthill" -Beau
"My nose is the autism detector, and I smell it all over you" -Martin
"im top 1 in all dongs" -Cassi
"Sometimes you just have to eat a person" -Beau
"Big D fan, Beau?" -Demon
"I'm down to watch" -Noodle
"We shove into this" -Skylar
"You don't like being beat with chains?" -Pearced
"I'm gonna shove it up my butt for safe keeping." -Pearced
"um does it matter what hole i go in...." -theUltimaventure
"i just dont wanna go in the wrong hole" -theUltimaventure
"nuh uh, you were the one running towards them holding your meat" -Scarlett
"sus" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"Don't push in too far - just the tip" -Demon
"It's not even worth it if I can't talk" -Martin
"Ah, I tend to always go for innocent until proven sexy" -Theo
"Don't ever imply the existence of 'Dick Seasoning'" -Ryan
"poops on u affectionately" -jellie
"I'm a fascist!" -Shannon
"I'm being serious, I am a fascist. Did you not know that 'til now?" -Shannon
"oh you entered through the ass" -Rio
"That feels funny in my mouth" -Beau
"Has Chris Christie ever wanted to be an olympic gymnast?" -Beau
"so you don't want me to go deep?" -Zilch
"in the hole?" -Sei
"i have My Wet Hole™" -Stasen
"i have implanted my seed into beaus inventory" -Chain
"You're sexy but you suck" -Beau
"Fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you" -Beau
"Will you be my goth baby?" -Pencil
"my penis cracked in half" -ransod
"top one or bottom?" -Auri
"Saige I promise you I've been able to stab people for a long time" -Ryan
"BerryBlender is about to become BerryBlended" -Ryan
"Don't do people" -Dish
"i love their meat" -creepergal
"I'm not gay, you're gay." -Beau
"shaking-ass-twerk-twerking-fnaf-yummy-gif" -ANGEL
"girl idk im not the guardian of your pants" -Morgue
"My grandfather is my father and my uncle" -Manta
"This penis is tubeless" -Pearced
"What penis am i twerking on rn" -Pearced
"I can smack you without it being child abuse" -Pearced
"My room smells like dog anal glands but I'm logging on" -Callahan
"rhi just die" -Pillow
"playin w one hand rn" -5klr
"i used to go into my neighbors house through the doggie door as a kid" -Martin
"Don't Push In That Far" -Demon
"nobody wants to listen to slipknot deepcuts at christmas" -Tuna
"Omg Shannon Finance on cam" -Skylar
"I eventually made my hole free use though" -Mae
"this is like 9/11 all over again" -charlie
"I'm homophobic now" -Shannon
"I sat on my mouse and broke some blocks" -Martin
"You gotta be very patient with when you push in" -Demon
"I don't know...I made myself fit" -Martin
"I got put in trouble" -Martin
"He's severely autistic, it's great!" -Pearced
"Do you think there is anything wrong with being into bondage?" -rhi
"Mannequin pussy is so good" -Jackson
"i have a gigantic hole" -Volcanicalyx
"So what's this I'm hearing about someone buying Jenn's feet pics?" -Skylar
"You have that vibe, you can definitely do a pringles can" -Beau
"Fuck you" -Skylar | "please do" -Jenn
"I put all of my points into being autistic" -Pearced
"Are you even here? Do you even care?" -Martin
"i hate supporting trans people!" -Bree
"They were ignorant sluts during that meeting" -Martin
"Hi, my name is Martin, I'm the mascot here" -Martin
"Hoon, I want to crucify you" -Pearced
"mmm thats one delicious pimple" -pilotdwn
"You're a bag of balls... not the good ones either" -Pearced
"Jennyafer was slain by Kpop" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"I feel like your listening history could basically be your autism diagnosis." -Beau
"WHERE IS MY MEAT" -Hazard
"fuck" -Callahan
"Skylar is too busy trying to make things fit" -Demon
"Daddy is from Germany" -Beau
"im about to hit the first tower" -Jenn
"i am Jennyafer; first of my name, dsetroyer of penis" -Jenn
"uwu destroy my penis" -Skylar
"rigged" -Leaf, immediately after they won the lottery
"I accidentally created an autistic community" -Beau
"Any gremlin who vores any part of my builds will be thrown out" -Callahan
"meow" -The Queercraft Hivemind, yet again
"yarn is just less compressed string" -Pearced
"Take your sheep and put them in your little bussy" -Piper
"hmmmm what if i decide to start sucking the milk" -jellie
"my fingers doing something for sure" -Callahan
"some people fuck their cousins" -Beau
"I love twinks" -Skylar
"How do you read a book?" -Noodle
"L blowzo" -Hoon
"Had a big butt and big titties too, So I hopped in her ass like a Kangaroo" -Pearced
"welcome to lenin's ass" -Natalie
"I can't find the hole" -Dish
"welcome back whore" -Natalie
"DODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODODO" -The Queercraft Hivemind
"golden hour is different than golden shower" -Beau
"FEET?!? WHERE" -Juniper
"must....not....hit on...beau's...mom" -Neville
"I'm listening to French Horns I am going to cum" -Skylar
"do not fuck the numbers" -Natalie
"I always count on demon for helpful advice, and martin for uhh idk something about minecrarts" -Dish
1666, HAIL SATAN! (again)
"i love mcrib feet porn" -Martin
"None of you are here, so you don't matter" -Beau
"No I can't throw it back." -Ryan
"after i chewed you out like i never chewed anyone out in my life" -Beau
"creamfilledfox has made the achievement 'we need to go deeper'" -Hoon
"you need jesus" -Beau
"Do you need to use the hole?" -ChatTzar
"Grab the chair. Start beating people with it" -Skylar
"you better kill that baby first" -sukixmiyu
"i like to watch babies cry" -ransod
"why are you breaking my penis" -ransod
"You take a ride on it" -Beau
"I blame bakeries." -beans
“Alastair I hope your genitals explode” -FemboyFlur
"Time for a flavor ride. Keep on sucking." -Beau
"You're stalling because you didn't drink enough tea" -Hoon
"The more suffering, the better." -Marv
"The loudest people are always the dumbest" -Demon
"oh father jackson forgive me of my sins" -Mangocore
"i was worried for a sex" -Tricolor
"stop i choked" -Morgue
"Why you putting raw meat in the hole?" -Pearced
"They can go eat scabies infected sharks" -Beau
"They are so good I love the way they feel in my mouth" -Lady Haze
"welcome back masagudu and fuck!" -Tuna
"i love rabbit shit bc when i see rabbit shit in the litterbox it means she is not dying" -Martin
"and some people swallow" -lorenza"
"pretty huge dick" -lorenza
"Stab :3" -ChatTzar
"I'm too grown to be supporting my own spine" -Alistair
"Queercrafters are on youtube listening to a guy shitting on the toilet while playing the harp" -Beau
"Children deserve to be punted, dogs do not" -Callahan
"My teacher complained that it didn't have enough ass" -Marv
"I've always hated all these gay people" -Alistair
"Locked in tight like a booty hole" -Alistair
"We're venturing into depressing territory so Martin's going to start getting horny" -Beau
"You should have reached peak teribleness already, but you just keep getting worse" -Beau
"how large is yours?" -28c
"only you would think a classic sewer is classy" -Beau
"I've been bedridden, I've been dying" -Martin
"Martin just started blastin! that's what happened" -Beau
"Where are my balls, Jon" -Naxal
"Look at my bum" -Alistair
"I dont have a boney bum" -Tuna
"I will wii in u" -Tuna
"my balls itch." -Theo
"then i will take down the second tower." -jellie
"The weiner is just too long" -Marv
"This is piss rock island - my favorite one" -Marv
"My twin-in-law" -Shannon
"mmmm they're really pulsating" -Marv
"you can't just keep asians as pets" -Demon
"It's too big....I can't take it all at once" -Marv
you fucked your sister? -ransod
"It makes me uncomfortable to think we feel the same things" -Beau
"Martin likes to be licked" -Martin
"He wants the charger to vomit in his mouth." -Martin
"It's not normal, just stop it." -Beau
"Martin loves giant holes" -Pearced
"hmm, where is this one going? :)" -Skylar
"The three of you can go to fuck off island" -Beau
"Well I'm not going to call you lesbian....or person..." -Beau
"I had something in my throat" -Skylar
“these two guys…they have you pegged, but not in the way you want” -Beau
"he loves that his giant head killed jesus" -Beau
"I'm not that autistic" -Shannon
"I am a fascist so it's okay" -Shannon
"Then what did this ignorant slut teacher do?" -Martin
"She didn't want to accept that that her daughter wanted to fuck off and marry Hades" -Martin
"I'm a pegaus, ya'll!!!!!" -Martin
"Get your stupid horse out of my fucking face or I'm gonna fucking kill you" -Martin
"whos ass is this?!" -Dish
" yeah i did fuck all of it " -Dish
"its fuck AM" -Dish
"I wish I could ride myself....it'd be less lonely" -Martin
"do you want your anus back?" -Martin
"Can't wait to gargle again though" -Morgue
"Why are my legs spread?" -Pearced
"Why are my legs spread that way now?" -Pearced
"I don't know how to fuck" -Pearced
"Do you prefer it's spread and not close together?" -Pearced
"who knows sometime people get bussy irl" -Bree
"It's not related to 9/11 at all" -Beau
"LET THIS BE YOUR WARNING, TWISTED! Next time, the money will stay gone." -Broadcast
"Just learning how to fuck, my bad" -Pearced
"I want bang aliens :(" -ChatTzar
"it will be like a tidal wave of the elderly" -Alistair
"Only at burger king, can you fuck this burger" -Cherry
"Might want to go naked at first." -TTVJewelerFox
"Oh wow... That's really big!" -Noodle
"A vagina haver could launch themselves backwards in space much like a penis haver" -Zilch
"yes you're all cancelled" -Tuna
"hairy cock thats warm" -Timothy
"I thougt that said foreskin migrane" -Bree
"its tiny xD" -Tuna
"Nice head" -Skylar
"imagine only being able to bang in the retirement home" -AJ
"this attic is getting top surgery" -Callahan
"I see you Natalie (.)(.)" -Callahan
"Gotta get my etsy to not be half naked people now" -Callahan
"My ads are half naked people or half naked frogs" -Callahan
"yes i’m literally bribing" -alia
"i liked coochie better lorenza" -5klr
"I keep forgetting to take my finger off the thing" -beans
"I'm so full of microplastics." -Jenn
"I can hear the autism in your voice" -Beau
"You can eat PlayDough™️, that doesnt mean you should" -Beau
"Are you mocking me? i have a fucking gun" -Beau
"Is there a way to make him stop shitting so much!?" -Beau
:eagle:
"i know skylar prefers coochie" -lorenza
"You're trying your best . . but your best isn't good enough." -rhi
"Maybe she's a... she/her gay...?" -Martin
"Nudists are people too" -Martin
"This is the autism way" -Martin
"I don't know if you ever get used to it....you just die inside" -Beau
"It's been in bed with me and snuggles with me every night" -Martin
"I was able to stick it back in" -Ryan
"Even on autism island you should be able to pick up on the laugh" -Beau
"I'd love a hot cup of splooge" -Martin
"rub play-doh into your wounds" -Martin
"He shit his pants aggressively" -Beau
"it was autism on autism violence" -Martin
"This is our mascot, Martin. We spray him whenever he's naughty" -Hoon
"here at queercraft we hate autistic people" -Eggsy
"i'm gonna sue you for defamation. you're the johnny depp to my amber" -Pearced
"do I have boobies?" -Pearced
"Let me grab my meat" -Pearced
"Here we go again with the vore talk" -Siet
"accidentally fucked my cats together" -Extra
"It's how I met Shannon...and it's been a cycle of abuse ever since" -Beau
"x/ray off" -Billy
"what is coochie banned or something" -Pillow
"Felt silly and made a few bomb threats, now they want to ban me from the airport" -Rio
"donkey is a bottom" -Samson
"If you do that, you're gonna wreck your wood" -Kai
"context would be *highly* appreciated" -Amelia
"I know Id be delicious" -AJ
"Why do you hate everything I love?!" -Martin
"im gonna rizz all over the place!" -Martin
"That triangle just seems autistic" -Martin
"I hate Rhi" -Martin
"bro why tf are you shoving bees up someone's ass??? :crying:" -Terra
"death.fell.accident.water" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"nat slapping me with her meat" -Jade
"I know where you live, I see where you sleep, your parents will cry when they see what I've done to you." -Beau
"I attacked the head" -Callahan
"skeleton orgy" -Kyler
"idc u want my wood" -Azurella
"What's a femboy?!" -Pearced
"I'm so straight that I don't date women, because they like men" -Pearced
"WuvAlyx died" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"please do not fuck the chick fil a" -Shannon
"I'm 95% cock." -Extra
"you don't need to hold your mic down when you're swallowing" -Kyle
"Trumps a cutie" -Pearced
"cannibalism is the best" -Pearced
"No I'm transphobic there's a difference" -Skylar
"Stay gay, eat ass, skate fast, smoke grass" -Kyle
"got negative ass, shits concave" -Natalie
"gock is what you make of it" -Dish
"Pussy pussy pusys cunt cunt cunt bitch" -Martin
"I'm gonna send you pictures of some long worms" -Pearced
"/me dies from missing coochie" -Brie
"I'm just scared of women okay?" -Pearced
"mmmm nuts" -Targ
"yeah. until it hardens" -Ultra
"If my parents, horribly, happen to die in a car crash, will you adopt me to be british?" -Stasen
"...cunty mama" -Kyle
"Fucking lesbians, who do they think they are" -Beau
"licking things is never normal" -Dish
"your honor, it was the flu" -Koji
"Emilia stop jizzing over linux and be less distracted" -Skylar
"DiaDemiEmi died (x12)" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES
"mother? can i see the sunlight one last time?" -Reef
"genuinely did not think you looked THAT good wow. also nice cock" -Juniper
"what a tragedy.. losing your balloon and turning white" -Ryan
"I'm gonna drink from the toilet" -Beans
"sometimes i substitute you for generic autistic person" -Beau
"I appreciate the new buttholes every night" -Beau
"if you bathed in someone's spit..." -Martin
"blahajussy has joined Queercraft for the first time!"
<[Nova][Newbie] blahajussy> no i hate those fucks
"Morgue is my favorite hole" -Skylar
"if you out-cunt him" -Kyle
"Please don't kidnap me to summercourt shannon" -Hoon
"what's up you limp-dicked saggy-titted mouth-breathing shit-eating ass-sniffing no-life basement-dwelling no-shower greasy-haired motherfuckers" -Mae
"I wish I was being pounded" -Skylar
"EAT ASS YEAH" -Skylar
"Kyle is inside me wtf" -Hoon
"go back to gaslighting" -Martin
"I love ass fireworks" -Callahan
"sexuality shouldn't be a box, unless you're trying to fuck the box...." -Joyst
"space dick time" -Callahan
"I might be a moron, but he'sjust dyslexic, calm down" -Joyst
I don't want children, Hoon, so you can eat them" -Noodle
"the shit is me....i derailed" -Skylar
"sometimes Beau lets us eat" -Shannon
"Rhi is my least favorite person in the world" -Martin
"sprinkle spoiled piece of shit on top" -Beau
"that's a democracy exploit sausage" -Joyst
"i love sausages" -Martin
"is this vulva city-themed" -Natalie
"i lose mine to my gambling addiction and monthly head" -Jenn
"i can't ride you !" -Dish
"I can't believe you hate autism" -Dish
"he put that into my mouth, okay?"
"People in wheelchairs ARE lazy" -Pearced
"that strawberry is cumming" -Pearced
"Let me speak and then you can make fun of me!" -Beans
"Yeah one sex" -Jenn
"Lick ass." -Skylar
"I've hired a man. There is a man in my room" -Extra
"A little bit transphobic, but that's ok" -Pearced
"Tonights gonna be a good fuck" -Pearced
"im gonna rip your vocal chords[sic] out and shove them up your ass" -Luna
"You look like if a man and a woman had a baby" -Halloween
"I sense the gay residue" -Callahan
"If you're trying to bribe a therapist, you should go see a different therapist." -Rhi
"stop milking me" -Pearced
"FR My first time :) thanks for sleeping with me y'all" -Adria
"I just know Squidward has a Gorilla-Gr!p Vortex Double-Force Slusher Gooch" -Reef
"So I can put my balls on display afterwards" -Callahan
"I don't wanna fish, it's gay! I wanna kill shit." -Tuna
“Please give me cock” -Kyle
"I asked for cock" -Tuna
"I love cock" -Jenn
"I'm only 5'6 when I'm on my knees for your dad." -Tuna
"Manta you're a fucking cuck" -Hoon
"Sometimes I put barbecue sauce on my titties" -Pearced
"They get face erections" -Martin
"RiIiIiIiiiiIiIIiiIIIIIIIIiiiIzz!" -Hoon & Pearced
"you wanna talk about digesting a penis?" -Pearced
"IT'S IN" -28c
"I'm disappointed you aren't Amish" -Demon
"gotta fill them slots" -Demon
"You're fucking your cousin right now aren't you" -Beau
"one is knee deep in corn" -Beau
"can you ask him if he can make my father appear?" -Pearced
"Usually too large for his mouth, so he can show off his skills" -Beau
"If you try hard enough you could really get it up there" -Skylar
"I'm bombing Poland." -Skylar
"plenty of people are full of juices..." -Martin
"I want to drink throw up tea now" -Callahan
"I told you you could beat me to death what more do you want?" -Martin
"I don't care if you're sucking a dick actively, you can find time to talk" -Beau
"my sister's eggs were fresher..." -Martin
"we all eat a little skin" -Dish
"I'll throw the anal... gland plant at you!" -Callahan
"i'm just going to grab a few trumps" -Callahan
"a trump polycule" -Hoon
"trump is the key to getting human" -Callahan
"What do I get if I combine Syphilis and Homer?" -Callahan
"I always choose to kill the baby" -Beau
"And Jenn! Ewww!" -Beau
"i dont poop troll anymore." -Martin
"Cover beau in them glands" -Dish
"I think we're all lucky there's no British person here." -Pearced
"i've known you 20 minutes and your opinion means nothing to me, white person in south africa" -Beau
"I love it when things are uncut" -Martin
"He loves it when its like a loose sausage casing" -Beau
"Stop edging the cat." -Alistair
"Woohoo! Slurs!" -Pearced
"The goal is obviously to abduct you" -Beau
"I punt children into incinerators and use their ashes to grow tea" -Callahan
"I broke my dick" -Dish
"pirate everything" -Dish
"I can assure you that I am not Matalie's mommy" -Skylar
"My grandma says you have big tits" -Emilia to Jenn
"Guys, he's pulling out his tentacles!" -Callahan
"He's my buddy, let me put my head in his mouth." -Callahan
"autism is just another way of saying awesome" -Dish
"Poland deserved to be nuked" -Skylar
"Martin youre a bitch!" -Beau
"As a homophobe I concur." -Theo
"I hate women" -Kyle
"I dress sort of gay, but I love pussy" -Tuna
"Breeding :3" -ChatTzar
"war crimes are badass" -Jenn
"a gap bigger than my thighs"
"I love stds" -Kyle
"Who gave me the titty holder" -Dish
"Your face is tasty" -Skylar
"i said i was stripping in public" -Aurora
"now everybody's gonna call me 'cum'" -28c
"Cum :D" -Jesse
"i slept with her for like a week" -Emilia
"i sure did come" -Emilia
"The bin is full of Jenn's pussy juice." -Tuna
"Canada needs to hurry up and die" -Kyle
"That's it, I'm going to kill this child." -Curtis
"You haven't touched me in a while, I sleep now" -Kyle
"dont get licked" -Dish
"dont get licked by the mouth" -Callahan
"indulgent, thick, and creamy, like your mother's bdussy" -Pearced
"ow! my butt just got tickled" -Pearced
"Man I love arson" -Theo
"silence hole" -Skylar
"momma needs her cummies monster" -Jenn
"You would pass a test in WWII" -Emilia
"i mean im turned on" -Tuna
"Anything that isn't pro-system and pro-establishment is communism" -Kyle
"kentucky fried cock" -Hana
"Devil, to ride you?" -FunkyDot
"i lost my rod again" -Natalie
"'onceler sexy hot onceler booty gif'" -Natalie
"All I know is that I have oranges up the ass" -Rhi
"Can i have the balls pls natalie" -Hoon
"Why y'all bein kinky in the morning" -Brie
"I'm not going to kiss you Hoon!" -Theo
"save your cum gutters for me <33" -Alistair
"I might not be homophobic but I'm at least sexist." -Theo
"cam is juggling all of the balls rn" -Ambur
"I want feet" -Callahan
"Mate, you have a banging cake." -Kyle
"I'm going to turn Britian so far-right, it'll make Israel look progressive" -Kyle
"mmm cream is yummy" -Targ
"What in the bloody balls" -Hana
"CUM!!!" -Morgue
"no living allowed" -Colleen
"I'm craving twinks" -Jesse
"we lost our willy" -Shannon
"sussy genitals" -Shannon
"Sometimes a little bit of abuse is ok" -Marv
"That's worse then slavery" -Pearced
"sei i will eat my own ass" -Jellie
"im beating the shit out of you" -Ambur
"You will be sauteed" -Dish
"They did their war crimes down there" -Martin
"I want that owl to die, and I will roast it and eat it" -Beau
“I’d fuck my lungs” -Jenn
"yeah but if you hit the babies they pussy out and run away" -Zedd
"ovulating at Tuna co" -Reef
"I really hope someone shits on you" -Pearced
"I AM A TERRORIST" -Hoon
"I wish I could go back to when I was 14 so I can ruin my life all over again, in different ways." -Melody
"What, super depressing sex?" -Hoon
"the pole im about to lick" -Dish
"now that we have poopington, anything is possible" -Shannon
"fuck pronouns" -Sei
"colleen pls dont spank me" -28c
"a giant WHAT hole??????" -Callahan
"I GEEEEEEEET IT! Like a GAY PERSOOOOOOOOON!" -Callahan
"hes throwing poop at me" -Callahan
"theres poop spikes?!" -Callahan
"do the cat >:)" -Natalie
"E-Mail me your feet." -Theo
<[Nova][Newbie] MCBodan100> cant wait to get the shit beat out of me from a random femboy
"Dragon deez nuts across your mouth... sorry" -Callahan
"Dude just told me he sucks ass and the first thing i imagine is slurpin poop juices" -Pearced
"spreading ur cheeks to let the fart out quietly #justgirlything" -Reef
"i meant i love the penis, not the house" -28c
"yes, i wanna steal babies" -Martin
"YOU DID NOT GIVE ME THE HEAD!" -Zilch
"throbbing buss" -Reef
"it's boobin' time" -Callahan
"Theo please can u fuck my mum" -Flump
“My gock neighs” -Reef
"I'm proud of my 16 inch super long.... forehead" -Hoon
"Cruella this pussy house down boots vagina cunt." -Halloween
:3c
"BEFORE I CREAM" -Creepergal
"martin told me he gave all his coworkers autism" -Beau
"here's the thing, i'm gonna put it in you" -Marv
"I think everyone should get into their own shit and heal themselves" -Martin
"America was built on cum" -Twig
"please send me an email containing an image of your shins" -Theo
"I'd rather get scabies from vintage clothes than sit here playing jackbox drenched in old cat piss" -Siet
"shits delicious" -Pillow
"I love the noises people make before they die" -Hoon
"I like the day best when I don't experience it" -Marv
"Worship me, bitch."-Skylar
"I'm working on the hole give me a sec" -Callahan
"Now it just has really big balls" -Callahan
"RAM ME" -Basil
"Speaking of Eiffel tower, I had my first three-way this weekend." -Alistair
"Green tea is like the salad of teas." -Callahan
"I'm a professional autistic person" -Pearced
"if you ate the country of france, what would it taste like?" -Callahan
"I like making my students kill each other." -Callahan
"children stays in the basement" -Sei
"Hello cunt queen mama wig house down boots rupaul season 6 slay vagina house of parlaiment" -Kyle
"I really enjoy the smell of this shit" -Martin
"Just Hitler, not hookers" -Beau
"I love autism" -Pearced
"You're so easy to gaslight, it's not even fun" -Beau
"Nothing makes me happier than robbing gay people" -Halloween
"Your mama needs to drop it too" -Morgue
"i just kept goin im so deep in here" -Jackson
"People are objects" -Martin
"We'd go up to that hole and wave" -Martin
"pooping sparkles on the way" -Callahan
"You were prescribed getting fucked in the ass?!" -Hoon
"don't follow your heart, Martin. Your heart is wrong" -Beau
"I just swallowed but it went wrong [NO CLICKBAIT]" -Siet
"SHE LIKED HER MUSIC FOR RABBITS I PLAYED FOR HER WHILE SHE WAS LITERALLY SHITTING HERSELF TO DEATH" -Martin
"can the placing of the boobs wait a little bit" -Natalie
"the boobs like that corner" -Callahan
"pretty sure you can bone the pickles" -Jesse
"Yeah I hate women" -Jude
"I love Ben Shapiro. He's my idol." -Jude
"Also, count his toes." -Beau
"I'm voting for Trump just to show you assholes" -Beau
"I'm actually upset that I don't get to bottom" -Skylar
"Tuna COME now!" -Jenn
"same i love meat" -Luna
"IM COMING TO YOUR HOME AND REARRANGING YOUR BONES WITH A HAND DRILL" -Plague
"maybe if i twist hard enough itll come off" *leaves* -Natalie
"Yes, because the Germans are marching into the muffin man" -Hoon
"we have to shoot you now" -Beau
"you're the german ambassador to autism town" -Beau
"Oui oui bitch." -Marv
"no! not the baguette!" -Marv
"Such fake ass bitch." -Marv
"We love pulling out!" -Noodle
"im having testicle difficulties" -Hazzy
"oh my god :) its big" -Greit
"I'm trying to poison Italians" -Pillow
"u wouldnt dare give the town top surgery" -Natalie
"and of course the racism makes sense" -Pillow
"I'm here for the titty physics" -Shannon
"THEN HE KILLED THEM ALL AND REPLACED THEM WITH MY FAMILY" -Martin
"If you say sorry too many times at the meetup, you will be the pinata" -Beau
"im not sure what u expect me to do with all this cake" -Natalie
"If you can't be perfect, you should just give up" -Martin
"No, I scream into the keyhole of my neighbor's door." -Beau
"It seems reasonable that parents would murder their kids" -Beau
"My cum smell like chlorine call that my gene pool" -Jude
"why are we stuffing marv" -Hoon
"hoon gonna be honest I feel like I'm at a bar in los angeles with how much I'm getting rammed up the ass lmfao" -Jesse
"I have a switch but I haven't touched it in a while" -Jesse
"I have a thing for British twinks..... and Alastair" -Jenn
"She was actually a very smart bitch. She was very good at figuring out how to get food." -Martin
"why are they fucking in front of me OPh my god" -Theo
"Nothing like watching people getting sucked off to fall asleep to" -Flump
"yeah ive got tits" -Emilia
"I'll rail who I want" -Kyle
"and i literally invented planet vore" -Natalie
"and I am all out of butt" -Callahan
"I hope I taste delicious :yum:" -Rio
"huge vagina pussy mama" -Halloween
"you're gonna fill in my hole?" -Sniperboy
"I understand the desire to choke a child" -Beau
"I'm a lesbian I don't think I can really have an opinion" -Shannon
"I regret thinking." -Kyle
"I was going to say anal beads but balls work" -Jess
"im drinking what ur blasting" -Jenn
"do cannibalism" -Cherry
"Not my fault this guy almost got railed yesterday" -Jess
"Stop making fluids come out of the pensi" -Callahan
"Im beating the british with my meat" -Shade
"Impossible Whoppers are the only thing I can take" -Jesse
"my french boyfriend he oui ouis in me" -Cassi
“I have cunt, and vagina, and pussy, and wet.” -Halloween
“that’s what a bug getting squashed sounds like” *makes an overly wet noise* -Jude
"stick it in like a toothpick" -Dish
"Considering that I openly say that I'm a top in most instances, I'm surprised the bottoms haven't been like "slap me mommy UwU" -Skylar
"ah yes im almost done stripping" -Elliot
"Theo do you have a mum kink" -Kyle
“did i put that much pepper in my hot chocolate???” -Hoon
"you did what to the old ladies at work?" -Hoon
"have an extra screen for hentai or whatever" -Pillow
“I didn’t ask for your opinion, bottom.” -Skylar
"also u milk urself" -LuckyKitty
"u already paid me for the feet" -Natalie
"now my husband he can munch on it" -Jess
"there is now a series going on about my hole" -Elliot
"not long enough. its never long enough" -Caelynn
"ur welcome casey  thanks for the autism"
"feet located" -Callahan
"I had to beat it 5 times" -Martin
"someone give jellie head so they can summmon[sic] the wither" -Cassi
"I ate an entire kilo of liquorice in 2.5 days. I have never had such difficulty shitting." -Emilia
"Martin is a terrorist sympathizer" -Skylar
"Fucking edging my ESTA :weary:" -Emilia
"NO I CIRCUMSIZED MY LAVALAMP" -Jenn
"cum cum cum cum cum. CUM NOW" -Jenn
"oh shit i am not hard enough" -Jellie
"I only have one homo sex sorry guys" -Alyx
"Gays are worse" -Kyle
"The feet weren't tasty, you didn't miss much" -Callahan
"Also check discord when you have a sex" -Riley
"no ones talking about what youre stimulating" -Pillow
"Mmmm nuts, yummy." -Targ
"Nah I will win my tits are lethal weapons" -Jess
"fuck me" -Cassi
<[Nova][Newbie] _Paul_Revere_> the british are coming
"sherded my pants" -Hoon
"i can't get it up. goodness me." -Martin
"i breathe thru my vagina thats the real reason my last relationship didn't work" -Martin
"do you just suck on it i dont understand" -Luna
"my dick is 3cm is that big?" -Jellie
"well, mating *is* fun-" -RedJournal
"poop looks great!" -Martin
"And he took off his mask and it was hitler, and it hurt my feelings" -Chell
"I should start releasing it" -
"You're the worst person, and I'm including Hitler" -Beau
“i thought it was bigger than it was” -Cassi
“I am doing a newbie rn” -Callahan
“I love that from Colleen's perspective we're all hitting her feet” -Beau
"if they push prematurely" -Beau
"its okie i stripped before... i was prepared" -Elliot
"u cant kill me im a bad witch" *dies* -Reef
"naked women are coming to kill you" -Dish
"YOOOO FREE HEAD" -SleeplessRaccoon
"Caelynn you didn’t know you can fuck in something that involves not wearing pants??" -Shannon
"Tentacles are coming out of me" -Callahan
"so I have to pluck her butt" -Martin
"do you think I *am* the autism?" -Callahan
"i just shat myself now im dead" -Manta
"got blown again" -serp
"is caelynnn taking a break from my hole to play in someone elses :(" -Elliot
"jesse just happy im not in their bar but off playing in someones hole" -Elliot
"Breedable :3" -ChatTzar
"Do you understand this an LGBT+ friendly server, damn?" -ChatTzar
"going to kill all of you fuckers" -Mae
"we hate beau!" -Dish
"There's Jesus and then the Jesus guy" -Dish
"the creator can smd who cares if hes offended" -Cassi
"Gross it's so sticky" -Chell
"I  love when there are three people on me" -Jesse
"I have eyes on chlamidiya" -Callahan
"I'm shooting chlamidiya"-Callahan
"I got chlamidiya" -Callahan
"My D is falling off" -Martin
"Jenn put your pants back on!" -Skylar
"Fuck :3" -ChatTzar
"Milky milky mommy milky milky mommy" -Wizz
"There aren't even any boob physics" -Beau
"So help me goth dommy mommy lesbian girls." -Hoon
"it's called D ram for a reason" -Dish
"Jack on, jack off" -Hoon
"Can't have fun without gender." -Callahan
"I'm not the smartest book in the page" -Callahan
"They're fuckin with each other" -Miles
"ill moan even louder then" -Jenn
"shrek truly is *the* most attractive being in existence" -RedJournal
"I'm going to punch a tit" -Chibi
"Imagine dragon deez nuts on your face" -Skylar
"look at discord dm its me pissin" -Billy
"MAKE ME CUM" -Chibi
"I just leave it and let it piss everywhere" -Shade
"We've gotten a fart egg before" -Martin
"I can't believe I am friends with Martin" -Rhi
"guess i'm fucking boiled cabbage!!!" -Rhi
"its just flappin' around out there" -Noodle
"he's just being naked" -Martin
"actually I am a quadruple amputee and I use brainlink[sic] to play Predecessor" -Hoon
"u look like u have cum on ur head" -Wynn
"Wow, 4 pp" -Goldie
"Martin is such a naughty boy" -Goldie
"do u have a chest full of dildos" -Wynn
"they shoot cum that makes you float" -Bessere
"why is kevin fucking macleod" -Hoon
"Khaimera should have an onlyfans" -Hoon
"I like dragon head" -Hoon
"bessere no cock and balls :(" -Wynn
"lemon you sell cum rockets tbf" -Sei
"eat your own bones" -Martin
"i want the power to turn people into food" -Toast
"FUCK THIS SERVER ITS HOMOPHOBIC" -Jellieunknown
"dick sex boobs penis" -Callahan
"creaming for help" -Sam
"OJ did nothing wrong." -Neville
"Too much dick." -Sam
"mapartists are always desperate to get it raw" -colserra
"I love Donald Trump" -Martin
"no, I dont stick my dick in my computer" -Hoon
“He giveth the dick and he taketh the dick.” -Chell
"hey i love ur hole can i has it" -Isis
"The image contains a part of my upper thigh, so avert your eyes." -Martin
"yes get off" -Jellie
"men do not have skin." -Jellie
"oh GET OUTTA MY HOLE" -Britta
"Go deeper O ) _ ( O" -FunkyDot
"i mean its not that hard to edge with unactivated windows" -Pillow
"It was an autistic place" -Martin
"spicy weiner?" -Isabelle
"aw, everyone's showing their pussies" -Shade
"Is this talking about eating people's semen?" -Dish
"I just suck it so hard" -Martin
"The autism in me didn't notice" -Callahan
"This is the first place I've made friends that I haven't had to talk about in therapy." -Dish
“it’s not because you’re autistic it’s because you’re english silly” -Cassi
"bring it bitches" *dies* -Colleen
"Beaupedia was slain by The Killer Bunny" -net.minecraft.server.events.PLAYER_DIES\
"what's wrong with murdering infants?" -Callahan
"we got backdoored hard" -Chibi
"idk how a dildo would fix the world, but on the other hand why not" -Sei
"why am i wet" -Tzuyu
"we spray on the territory to assert our dominance" -Callahan
"Why do you keep sending balls" -Callahan
"would cannibalism be ok?" -Stasen
"not for fucking people" -Callahan
"well thats small =/" -Targ
"im a trainsgender" -Basil
"I love circle jerking too" -Skylar
"no cassi im autistic" -Amelia | "I assure you Cassi is too" -Beau
"hold on a sec my mom's talking about my dad having medically induced diarrhea" -Dish
"Is this newbie ever going through the hole?" -Dish
"out of context queercraft" -Amelia
"I just accidentally killed myself" -Martin
"i was fisting them" -Kyler
"honestly id feel naked without my cat ears" -Natalie
"didnt expect to get judged on the length" -RaccoonQueen
"riley don't fuck the kitchenware istg" -RedJournal
"we call that racism" -Melody
"I'm going to fuck a McChicken" -Skylar
"cocking in ggrgagagagh" -Dish
"yup my hole got wet" -RedJournal
"'Internet Porn' is an experience" -Skylar
"semi-automatic penis" -Amelia
"Holes :3" -ChatTzar
“It’s a semi automatic cum shooting candle of action” - Juniper
"search mega pussy in the discord" -Dish
"omw to eat a lego head" -Bree
"hey jack people keep filling in my hole with structures" -RedJournal
"ur touching a cock rn" -Wynn
"i wanna get baked also" -Elliot
"i always want squirrels in my pants" -Chell
"i understand i hate women tbh" -Jellie
"duck, cat, and women the holy trinity"
"fuck" -Callahan
"I believe that wap" -Dish
"put this one inside please" -Ari
"either way its too long" -Amelia
"MY BALLS!" -Noah
"lety me sit on u" -Elliot
"fuck me that hurts"
"gonna shit myself rn dish" -Amelia
"ngl i think i can take it" -Hoon
"top or bottom juniper??" -Jack
"foxy and vinne both came at the same time" -Sei
"want some of my seed" -Lemon
"WHAT .. MNO MY PENIS ......" -Wynn
"SHART ESCAPED" -RaccoonQueen
"weezer is better than sex" -Dish
"Billy why are you in the H o l e" -FunkyDot
"oh that is a hard one" -Sei
"i'm pretty sure my boyfriend would be excited by me meowing at him" -Collin
"theres your problem everyone wants it RAW" -Shade
"they do put a lot of lube in those barrels" -Chell
"stop jiggling your boodiggle" -Dish
"this sound is like the wet fart of life" -Chell
"I confused the concepts of psychopathy and mind reading" -Dish
"that shit feels like my nuts are going to turn into my eyeballs and i'm going to piss out my eyeballs" -Collin
"surgical masturbation" -Collin
"Not if I choke you out" -Beau
"sorry, you're a dildo" -Ender
"i just put my newborn son into a blender" -Riley & Avery
"you want me in you???? o.o" -Red
"It was warm and moist and I had to put my finger in the hole" -Callahan
"so you fucked a frog because of tea leafs" -Dish
"I made them have sex now they are killing me" -Callahan
"I SHALL GO BURN DOWN AN ORPHANAGE" -Claire
"shut the fuck up give it a sec" -Callahan
"I don't have a good reason to caress Metroid" -Dish
"TRUMP 2024 LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO" -Jellie
"also dont gatekeep my childlike joy! It keeps me from committing murder" -Jellie
"I'm about to blow" -Juniper
"THE BONER MAN????" -Leaf
"hahaha testicles" -Dish
"Cal, I will light you on fire" -Beau
"not everyone deserves a safe space" -Shannon
"It's fine, she's dead." -Hoon
"After I spanked her last night..." -Martin
"Drooly, sensative stomach" -Bri
"It's thick and white!" -Chell
"Alistair is ohiomaxxing rn" -Saige
"haha ! i touched my cock !" -Wynn
"i was birthday sex" -Stereo
"how am i gna top then" -Wynn
"let's do some end busting and union busting" -Dish
"If you aren't kissing to dominate your partner, you're not doing it right." -Cassie
"MY PUSSY THING IS GONE!" -Noah
"my insides are warm now. i am happy." -Miles
"i was filled with white creme" -Azurella
"Yay! My body is avaliable to be used.." -Mori
"lucy comes up to me and asks for spankings now" -Martin
"I observe thy pissing" -Theo
"/me is desperate for oiled up femboy gayness" -Terra
"i eat people" -Lemon
"cant believe jack gave jack his jewels" -Red
"elliot loves coming into my hole unannounced" -Red
"but then it fills up daddy" -Jack
"my favorite downtime is to be in my hole" -Red
"Fat croc nuts" -Jude
"no stop breeding aaahh a 3some wtf" -Jack
"nuh uh im in jacks hole" -Wynn
"NO IT WAS WONDERFUL IT TICKLED MY ASS!" -Noah
"y'all are breeding where the FUCK is my invitation?!" -Red
"Cum piss and shit all over 'em Red" -Juniper
"i want the entire server in my hole" -Red
"Doesn't everyone have a sniffer and slime in their holes?" -Jack
"i don't like tit" -Colleen
"im not cis im normal" -Natalie
"/me whomps out a chumungous set of honkers" -Mori
"ur so right basil i love cum !" -Wynn
"okay elts go fucking" -Wynn
"im reshaping ur thingy" -Wynn
"How big? :3" -ChatTzar
"I hope it just pierces your fucking skull and scrambles your brains" -Chell
"my greatest qc achievement is widening my hole to lengths never thought possible" -Red
"I'm this close to shaking your ass" -Plague
"middle fingering" -Martin
"just dropped a stack of porn down there" -Jellie
“Time for more nudes.” -Targ
||"at the beach! where da hoes at? cocky want boing boing!" -Plague||
"I DONT STRANGLE BABIES! I DOONNNT! IM NOT A BABY STRANGLER" -Plague
"Ow wow her ass is hanging out," -Beau
"The thug life chose me" -Melody
“I never finish anyone off” -Beau
"fist fastly" -Chell
"I love balls" -Martin
"Gulp gulp the wet juice" -Targ
"it is sniffing me" -Callahan
"I am not about to be about this right now" -Chell
"call me nether the way i wreck the bed" -Kyiv
"So I may have just hit a child" -Callahan
"I always liked a bigger, blacker dick" -Martin
"Oopsie I did a whoppsie in my pant" -Tuna
"Monkey see monkey do monkey pee all over you" -Tuna
"Stop licking my wife!" -Callahan
"was that enough tongue?" -Shade
"Oh my god, Martin, how many dicks are you going to suck?" -Noodle
"They do that pagan pole dancing thing" -Martin
"I don't hate women" -Martin
"Your vagina's political" -Martin
"It's reverse autism" -Dish
"I just don't moan in general" -Red
"We're fighting the white guys, right?" -Dish
"Look, I can enjoy a good bussy just like the next fella." -Sam
"I love hannucock." -Martin